Lyrics/Albums/2. Late Registration/13. Diamonds From Sierra Leone (remix).md, before:

# Diamonds From Sierra Leone (remix) (feat. Jay-Z)

## Intro: _[Shirley Bassey:]_

Diamonds are forever  
They're all I need to please me  
They can't stimulate or tease me  
They won't leave in the night  
Have no fear that they might desert me  

## Chorus: _[Kanye West & Shirley Bassey:]_

(Diamonds are forever forever forever)  
Throw your diamonds in the sky if you feel the vibe  
(Diamonds are forever forever forever)  
The Roc is still alive every time I rhyme  
(Forever ever? Forever ever? Ever ever?  
Ever ever? Ever ever? Ever ever? Ever ever?)  

# Verse 1: _[Kanye West:]_

Good mornin', this ain't Vietnam still  
People lose hands, legs, arms, for real  
Little was known of Sierra Leone  
And how it connect to the diamonds we own  
When I speak of diamonds in this song  
I ain't talkin' about the ones that be glowin'  
I'm talkin' about Roc-a-Fella, my home  
My chain, these ain't conflict diamonds  
Is they, Jacob? Don't lie to me, man  
See, a part of me sayin' keep shinin'  
How when I know what a blood diamond is?  
Though it's thousands of miles away  
Sierra Leone connects to what we go through today  
Over here it's a drug trade, we die from drugs  
Over there they die from what we buy from drugs  
The diamonds, the chains, the bracelets, the charmses  
I thought my [[Jesus piece]] was so harmless  
'Til I seen a picture of a [[Shorty]] armless  
And here's the conflict  
It's in a black person soul to rock that gold  
Spend your whole life tryin' to get that ice  
On a Polo rugby, it looks so nice  
How can somethin' so wrong make me feel so right?  
Right? 'Fore I beat myself up like Ike  
You can still throw your Roc-a-Fella diamond tonight, 'cause  

## Chorus: _[Kanye West & Shirley Bassey:]_

(Diamonds are forever forever forever)  
Throw your diamonds in the sky if you feel the vibe  
Diamonds are forever forever forever  
The Roc is still alive every time I rhyme  
(Forever ever? Forever ever? Ever ever?  
Ever ever? Ever ever? Ever ever? Ever ever?)  

# Verse 2: _[Kanye West:]_

People askin' me is I'm gon' give my chain back  
That'll be the same day I give the game back  
You know the next question, dawg, "Yo, where Dame at?"  
This track the Indian dance that bring our rain back  
"What's up with you and Jay, man? Are y'all OK, man?"  

# Verse 3: _[Jay-Z:]_

Yup, I got it from here, 'Ye, damn  
The chain remains, the gang is intact  
The name is mine, I'll take blame for that  
The pressure's on, but guess who ain't gonna crack?  
Ha ha, pardon me, I had to laugh at that  
How could you falter when you're the Rock of Gibraltar?  
I had to get off the boat so I could walk on water  
This ain't no tall order, this is nothin' to me  
Difficult takes a day, [[impossible]] takes a week  
I do this in my sleep  
I sold kilos of coke, I'm guessin' I can sell CDs  
I'm not a businessman; I'm a business, man!  
Let me handle my business, damn  
Kanyeez you got me, Freeway then Foxy  
YG's, Teairra Mari, Peedi watch me  
Bleek could be one hit away his whole career  
As long as I'm alive he's a millionaire  
And even if I die he's in my will somewhere  
So he could just kick back and chill somewhere  
Oh yeah, he don't even have to write rhymes  
The Dynasty like my money: last three lifetimes  
Shirley Bassey's in the rear  
Sayin' exactly what I've been sayin' practically my whole career  
The diamond is forever, I've been minin' this forever  
Now the Louis Vuitton Don's timin' couldn't be better  
People lined up to see the Titanic sinkin'  
Instead we rose up from the ash like a phoenix  
If you're waitin' for the end of the Dynasty sign  
It would seem like forever is a mighty long time  

# Outro: Jay-Z

(I'm Young, bitches!) Good night!

Commit message:

[add] aliases to the name of the music.

Lyrics/Albums/2. Late Registration/13. Diamonds From Sierra Leone (remix).md, after:

---
aliases: Diamonds From Sierra Leone (remix), diamonds from sierra leone (remix)
---

# Diamonds From Sierra Leone (remix) (feat. Jay-Z)

## Intro: _[Shirley Bassey:]_

Diamonds are forever  
They're all I need to please me  
They can't stimulate or tease me  
They won't leave in the night  
Have no fear that they might desert me  

## Chorus: _[Kanye West & Shirley Bassey:]_

(Diamonds are forever forever forever)  
Throw your diamonds in the sky if you feel the vibe  
(Diamonds are forever forever forever)  
The Roc is still alive every time I rhyme  
(Forever ever? Forever ever? Ever ever?  
Ever ever? Ever ever? Ever ever? Ever ever?)  

# Verse 1: _[Kanye West:]_

Good mornin', this ain't Vietnam still  
People lose hands, legs, arms, for real  
Little was known of Sierra Leone  
And how it connect to the diamonds we own  
When I speak of diamonds in this song  
I ain't talkin' about the ones that be glowin'  
I'm talkin' about Roc-a-Fella, my home  
My chain, these ain't conflict diamonds  
Is they, Jacob? Don't lie to me, man  
See, a part of me sayin' keep shinin'  
How when I know what a blood diamond is?  
Though it's thousands of miles away  
Sierra Leone connects to what we go through today  
Over here it's a drug trade, we die from drugs  
Over there they die from what we buy from drugs  
The diamonds, the chains, the bracelets, the charmses  
I thought my [[Jesus piece]] was so harmless  
'Til I seen a picture of a [[Shorty]] armless  
And here's the conflict  
It's in a black person soul to rock that gold  
Spend your whole life tryin' to get that ice  
On a [[Pink Polo|Polo]] rugby, it looks so nice  
How can somethin' so wrong make me feel so right?  
Right? 'Fore I beat myself up like Ike  
You can still throw your Roc-a-Fella diamond tonight, 'cause  

## Chorus: _[Kanye West & Shirley Bassey:]_

(Diamonds are forever forever forever)  
Throw your diamonds in the sky if you feel the vibe  
Diamonds are forever forever forever  
The Roc is still alive every time I rhyme  
(Forever ever? Forever ever? Ever ever?  
Ever ever? Ever ever? Ever ever? Ever ever?)  

# Verse 2: _[Kanye West:]_

People askin' me is I'm gon' give my chain back  
That'll be the same day I give the game back  
You know the next question, dawg, "Yo, where Dame at?"  
This track the Indian dance that bring our rain back  
"What's up with you and Jay, man? Are y'all OK, man?"  

# Verse 3: _[Jay-Z:]_

Yup, I got it from here, 'Ye, damn  
The chain remains, the gang is intact  
The name is mine, I'll take blame for that  
The pressure's on, but guess who ain't gonna crack?  
Ha ha, pardon me, I had to laugh at that  
How could you falter when you're the Rock of Gibraltar?  
I had to get off the boat so I could walk on [[7. Water|water]]  
This ain't no tall order, this is nothin' to me  
Difficult takes a day, [[impossible]] takes a week  
I do this in my sleep  
I sold kilos of coke, I'm guessin' I can sell CDs  
I'm not a businessman; I'm a business, man!  
Let me handle my business, damn  
Kanyeez you got me, Freeway then Foxy  
YG's, Teairra Mari, Peedi watch me  
Bleek could be one hit away his whole career  
As long as I'm alive he's a millionaire  
And even if I die he's in my will somewhere  
So he could just kick back and chill somewhere  
Oh yeah, he don't even have to write rhymes  
The Dynasty like my money: last three lifetimes  
Shirley Bassey's in the rear  
Sayin' exactly what I've been sayin' practically my whole career  
The diamond is forever, I've been minin' this forever  
Now the Louis Vuitton Don's timin' couldn't be better  
People lined up to see the Titanic sinkin'  
Instead we rose up from the ash like a phoenix  
If you're waitin' for the end of the Dynasty sign  
It would seem like forever is a mighty long time  

# Outro: Jay-Z

(I'm Young, bitches!) [[14. Good Night|Good night]]!
