Lyrics/Albums/2. Late Registration/16. Hey Mama.md, before:

# Hey Mama

## Chorus

(Hey Mama)  
I wanna scream so loud for you, 'cause I'm so proud of you  
Let me tell you what I'm about to do  
(Hey Mama)  
I know I act a fool but, I promise you I'm goin' back to school  
I appreciate what you allowed for me  
I just want you to be proud of me  
(Hey Mama)  

## Verse 1

I wanna tell the whole world about a friend of mine  
This little light of mine and I'm finna let it shine  
I'm finna take y'all back to them better times  
I'm finna talk about my mama if y'all don't mind  
I was three years old when you and I moved to the [[Chi]]  
Late December, harsh winter gave me a cold  
You fixed me up something that was good for my soul  
Famous homemade chicken soup, can I have another bowl?  
You work late nights just to keep on the lights  
Mommy got me training wheels so I could keep on my bike  
And you would give anything in this world  
Michael Jackson leather and a glove, but didn't give me a curl  
And you never put no man over me  
And I love you for that, mommy, can't you see?  
Seven years old, caught you with tears in your eyes  
'Cause a nigga cheatin', telling you lies, then I started to cry  
As we knelt on the kitchen floor  
I said mommy I'ma love you 'til you don't hurt no more  
And when I'm older, you ain't gotta work no more  
And I'ma get you that mansion that we couldn't afford  
See you're unbreakable, unmistakable  
Highly capable, lady that's makin' loot  
A livin' legend too, just look at what heaven do  
Send us an angel, and I thank you (Hey Mama)  

## Chorus

(Hey Mama)  
I wanna scream so loud for you, 'cause I'm so proud of you  
Let me tell you what I'm about to do  
(Hey Mama)  
I know I act a fool but, I promise you I'm goin' back to school  
I appreciate what you allowed for me  
I just want you to be proud of me  
(Hey Mama)  

# Verse 2

Forrest Gump mama said, "Life is like a box of chocolates."  
My mama told me go to school, get your doctorate  
Something to fall back on, you could profit with  
But still supported me when I did the opposite  
Now I feel like it's things I gotta get  
Things I gotta do, just to prove to you  
You was getting through, can the choir, please  
Give me a verse of "You Are So Beautiful To Me"  
Can't you see, you're like a book of poetry  
Maya Angelou, Nikki Giovanni, turn one page and there's my mommy  
Come on mommy just dance wit' me, let the whole world see your dancing feet  
Now when I say Hey, y'all say, Mama, now everybody answer me (Hey Mama)  

## Chorus

(Hey Mama)  
I wanna scream so loud for you, 'cause I'm so proud of you  
Let me tell you what I'm about to do  
(Hey Mama)  
I know I act a fool but, I promise you I'm goin' back to school  
I appreciate what you allowed for me  
I just want you to be proud of me  
(Hey Mama)  

## Break

I guess it also depends though if my ends low  
Second, they get up you gon' get that Benzo  
Tint the windows, ride around the city and let ya friends know (Hey Mama)  
Tell your job you gotta fake em out  
Since you brought me in this world, let me take you out  
To a restaurant, upper echelon  
I'ma get you a Jag, whatever else you want  
Just tell me what kind of S-Type [[Donda]] West like?  
Tell me the perfect color so I make it just right  
It don't gotta be Mother's Day, or your birthday  
For me to just call and say: (Hey Mama)  

## Outro

I wanna scream so loud for you, 'cause I'm so proud of you  
Let me tell you what I'm about to do  
(Hey Mama)  
You know I love you so  
I never let you go  
Wrote this song just so you know  
No matter where you go our love is true  
Mama mama mama mama mama…  
Mama mama mama mama mama…

Commit message:

[add] aliases to the name of the music.

Lyrics/Albums/2. Late Registration/16. Hey Mama.md, after:

---
aliases: Hey Mama, hey mama
---


# Hey Mama

## Chorus

(Hey Mama)  
I wanna scream so loud for you, 'cause I'm so proud of you  
Let me tell you what I'm about to do  
(Hey Mama)  
I know I act a fool but, I promise you I'm goin' back to school  
I appreciate what you allowed for me  
I just want you to be proud of me  
(Hey Mama)  

## Verse 1

I wanna tell the whole world about a friend of mine  
This little light of mine and I'm finna let it shine  
I'm finna take y'all back to them better times  
I'm finna talk about my mama if y'all don't mind  
I was three years old when you and I moved to the [[Chicago|Chi]]  
Late December, harsh winter gave me a cold  
You fixed me up something that was good for my soul  
[[4. Famous|Famous]] homemade chicken soup, can I have another bowl?  
You work late nights just to keep on the lights  
Mommy got me training wheels so I could keep on my bike  
And you would give anything in this world  
Michael Jackson leather and a glove, but didn't give me a curl  
And you never put no man over me  
And I love you for that, mommy, can't you see?  
Seven years old, caught you with tears in your eyes  
'Cause a nigga cheatin', telling you lies, then I started to cry  
As we knelt on the kitchen floor  
I said mommy I'ma love you 'til you don't hurt no more  
And when I'm older, you ain't gotta work no more  
And I'ma get you that mansion that we couldn't afford  
See you're unbreakable, unmistakable  
Highly capable, lady that's makin' loot  
A livin' legend too, just look at what heaven do  
Send us an angel, and I thank you (Hey Mama)  

## Chorus

(Hey Mama)  
I wanna scream so loud for you, 'cause I'm so proud of you  
Let me tell you what I'm about to do  
(Hey Mama)  
I know I act a fool but, I promise you I'm goin' back to school  
I appreciate what you allowed for me  
I just want you to be proud of me  
(Hey Mama)  

# Verse 2

Forrest Gump mama said, "Life is like a box of chocolates."  
My mama told me go to school, get your doctorate  
Something to fall back on, you could profit with  
But still supported me when I did the opposite  
Now I feel like it's things I gotta get  
Things I gotta do, just to prove to you  
You was getting through, can the choir, please  
Give me a verse of "You Are So Beautiful To Me"  
Can't you see, you're like a book of poetry  
Maya Angelou, Nikki Giovanni, turn one page and there's my mommy  
Come on mommy just dance wit' me, let the whole world see your dancing feet  
Now when I say Hey, y'all say, Mama, now everybody answer me (Hey Mama)  

## Chorus

(Hey Mama)  
I wanna scream so loud for you, 'cause I'm so proud of you  
Let me tell you what I'm about to do  
(Hey Mama)  
I know I act a fool but, I promise you I'm goin' back to school  
I appreciate what you allowed for me  
I just want you to be proud of me  
(Hey Mama)  

## Break

I guess it also depends though if my ends low  
Second, they get up you gon' get that [[Benz|Benzo]]  
Tint the windows, ride around the city and let ya friends know (Hey Mama)  
Tell your job you gotta fake em out  
Since you brought me in this world, let me take you out  
To a restaurant, upper echelon  
I'ma get you a Jag, whatever else you want  
Just tell me what kind of S-Type [[Donda]] West like?  
Tell me the perfect color so I make it just right  
It don't gotta be Mother's Day, or your birthday  
For me to just call and say: (Hey Mama)  

## Outro

I wanna scream so loud for you, 'cause I'm so proud of you  
Let me tell you what I'm about to do  
(Hey Mama)  
You know I love you so  
I never let you go  
Wrote this song just so you know  
No matter where you go our love is true  
Mama mama mama mama mama…  
Mama mama mama mama mama…
