Lyrics/Albums/2. Late Registration/20. Diamonds From Sierra Leone.md, before:

# Diamonds From Sierra Leone

## Intro: _[Shirley Bassey:]_

Diamonds are forever  
They won't leave in the night  
I've no fear that they might  
Desert me  

## Chorus: _[Shirley Bassey & Kanye West:]_

Diamonds are forever (forever, forever)  
Throw your diamonds in the sky if you feel the vibe  
Diamonds are forever (forever, forever, forever)  
The Roc is still alive every time I rhyme  
Forever ever? Forever ever? Ever, ever? Ever, ever?  
Ever, ever? Ever, ever? Ever, ever?  

## Verse 1: _[Kanye West:]_

Close your eyes and imagine, feel the magic  
Vegas on acid, seen through Yves St. Laurent glasses  
And I've realized that I've arrived  
'Cause it take more than a magazine to kill my Vibe  
Does he write his own rhymes? Well, sort of, I think 'em  
That mean I forgot better shit than you ever thought of  
Damn, is he really that caught up?  
I ask, if you talkin' about classics, do my name get brought up?  
I remember I couldn't afford a Ford Escort  
Or even a four-track recorder  
So it's only right that I let the top drop on a drop-top Porsche  
Spoil yourself, that's important  
If your stripper name "Porsche" and you get tips from many men  
Then your fat friend, her nickname is "Minivan"  
Excuse me, that's just the Henny, man  
I smoke, I drink, I'm supposed to stop, I can't, because— ^66027c

## Chorus: _[Shirley Bassey & Kanye West:]_

Diamonds are forever (forever, forever)  
Throw your diamonds in the sky if you feel the vibe  
Diamonds are forever (forever, forever, forever)  
The Roc is still alive every time I rhyme  
Forever ever? Forever ever? Ever, ever? Ever, ever?  
Ever, ever? Ever, ever? Ever, ever?  

## Verse 2: _[Kanye West:]_

I was sick about awards, couldn't nobody cure me  
Only playa that got robbed but kept all his jewelry  
Alicia Keys tried to talk some sense in him  
Thirty minutes later seein' there's no convincin' him  
What more could you ask for? The international asshole  
Who complain about what he is owed?  
And throw a tantrum like he is three years old  
You gotta love it though: somebody still speaks from his soul  
And wouldn't change by the change or the game or the fame  
When he came in the game, he made his own lane  
Now all I need is y'all to pronounce my name  
It's Kanye, but some of my plaques, they still say Kayne  
Got family in the D, Kin-folk from Motown  
Back in the [[Chi]], them Folks ain't from Moe Town  
Life movin' too fast, I need to slow down  
Girl ain't give me no ass, you need to go down  
My father been said I need Jesus  
So he took me to church and let the water wash over my caesar  
The preacher said we need leaders  
Right then my body got still like a paraplegic  
You know who you call; you got a message, then leave it  
The Roc stand tall and you would never believe it  
Take your diamonds and throw 'em up like you bulimic  
Yeah, the beat cold, but the flow is anemic  
After debris settles and the dust get swept off  
Big K pick up where young Hov left off  
Right when magazines wrote Kanye West off  
I dropped my new shit, it sound like the best of  
A&R's lookin' like, "Pssh, we messed up."  
Grammy night, damn right, we got dressed up  
Bottle after bottle 'til we got messed up  
In the studio, with Really Doe, yeah, he next up  
People askin' me if I'm gon' give my chain back  
That'll be the same day I give the game back  
You know the next question, dog: "Yo, where Dame at?"  
This track the Indian dance to bring our reign back  
"What's up with you and Jay, man? Are y'all OK, man?"  
They pray for the death of our dynasty like "Amen"  
R-r-r-r-right here stands a man  
With the power to make a diamond with his bare hands  

## Chorus: _[Shirley Bassey & Kanye West:]_

Diamonds are forever (forever, forever)  
Throw your diamonds in the sky if you feel the vibe  
Diamonds are forever (forever, forever, forever)  
The Roc is still alive every time I rhyme  
Forever ever? Forever ever? Ever, ever? Ever, ever?  
Ever, ever? Ever, ever? Ever, ever?  

## Outro: _[Shirley Bassey:]_

Diamonds are forever (forever, forever)  
Diamonds are forever (forever, forever, forever)

Commit message:

[add] aliases to the name of the music.

Lyrics/Albums/2. Late Registration/20. Diamonds From Sierra Leone.md, after:

---
aliases: Diamonds From Sierra Leone, diamonds from sierra leone
---


# Diamonds From Sierra Leone

## Intro: _[Shirley Bassey:]_

Diamonds are forever  
They won't leave in the night  
I've no fear that they might  
Desert me  

## Chorus: _[Shirley Bassey & Kanye West:]_

Diamonds are forever (forever, forever)  
Throw your diamonds in the sky if you feel the vibe  
Diamonds are forever (forever, forever, forever)  
The Roc is still alive every time I rhyme  
Forever ever? Forever ever? Ever, ever? Ever, ever?  
Ever, ever? Ever, ever? Ever, ever?  

## Verse 1: _[Kanye West:]_

Close your eyes and imagine, feel the magic  
Vegas on acid, seen through Yves St. Laurent glasses  
And I've realized that I've arrived  
'Cause it take more than a magazine to kill my Vibe  
Does he write his own rhymes? Well, sort of, I think 'em  
That mean I forgot better shit than you ever thought of  
Damn, is he really that caught up?  
I ask, if you talkin' about classics, do my name get brought up?  
I remember I couldn't afford a Ford Escort  
Or even a four-track recorder  
So it's only right that I let the top drop on a drop-top Porsche  
Spoil yourself, that's important  
If your stripper name "Porsche" and you get tips from many men  
Then your fat friend, her nickname is "Minivan"  
Excuse me, that's just the Henny, man  
I smoke, I drink, I'm supposed to stop, I can't, because— ^66027c

## Chorus: _[Shirley Bassey & Kanye West:]_

Diamonds are forever (forever, forever)  
Throw your diamonds in the sky if you feel the vibe  
Diamonds are forever (forever, forever, forever)  
The Roc is still alive every time I rhyme  
Forever ever? Forever ever? Ever, ever? Ever, ever?  
Ever, ever? Ever, ever? Ever, ever?  

## Verse 2: _[Kanye West:]_

I was sick about awards, couldn't nobody cure me  
Only playa that got robbed but kept all his jewelry  
Alicia Keys tried to talk some sense in him  
Thirty minutes later seein' there's no convincin' him  
What more could you ask for? The international asshole  
Who complain about what he is owed?  
And throw a tantrum like he is three years old  
You gotta love it though: somebody still speaks from his soul  
And wouldn't change by the change or the game or the fame  
When he came in the game, he made his own lane  
Now all I need is y'all to pronounce my name  
It's Kanye, but some of my plaques, they still say Kayne  
Got family in the D, Kin-folk from Motown  
Back in the [[Chicago|Chi]], them Folks ain't from Moe Town  
Life movin' too fast, I need to slow down  
Girl ain't give me no ass, you need to go down  
My father been said I need Jesus  
So he took me to church and let the [[7. Water|water]] wash over my caesar  
The preacher said we need leaders  
Right then my body got still like a paraplegic  
You know who you call; you got a message, then leave it  
The Roc stand tall and you would never believe it  
Take your diamonds and throw 'em up like you bulimic  
Yeah, the beat cold, but the flow is anemic  
After debris settles and the dust get swept off  
Big K pick up where young Hov left off  
Right when magazines wrote Kanye West off  
I dropped my new shit, it sound like the best of  
A&R's lookin' like, "Pssh, we messed up."  
Grammy night, damn right, we got dressed up  
Bottle after bottle 'til we got messed up  
In the studio, with Really Doe, yeah, he next up  
People askin' me if I'm gon' give my chain back  
That'll be the same day I give the game back  
You know the next question, dog: "Yo, where Dame at?"  
This track the Indian dance to bring our reign back  
"What's up with you and Jay, man? Are y'all OK, man?"  
They pray for the death of our dynasty like "Amen"  
R-r-r-r-right here stands a man  
With the [[3. Power|power]] to make a diamond with his bare hands  

## Chorus: _[Shirley Bassey & Kanye West:]_

Diamonds are forever (forever, forever)  
Throw your diamonds in the sky if you feel the vibe  
Diamonds are forever (forever, forever, forever)  
The Roc is still alive every time I rhyme  
Forever ever? Forever ever? Ever, ever? Ever, ever?  
Ever, ever? Ever, ever? Ever, ever?  

## Outro: _[Shirley Bassey:]_

Diamonds are forever (forever, forever)  
Diamonds are forever (forever, forever, forever)
