Lyrics/Albums/2. Late Registration/6. Drive Slow.md, before:

# Drive Slow (feat. Paul Wall, GLC)

# Intro: Kanye West

Boom, b-boom,

b-boom-boom

# Chorus: Kanye West

Drive slow, homie  
Drive slow, homie  
You never know, homie, might meet some hoes, homie  
You need to pump your brakes and drive slow, homie  

# Verse 1: Kanye West

My homie Mali used to stay at 79th and May  
One of my best friends from back in the day  
Down the street from Calumet, a school full of Stones  
He nicknamed me K-Rock so they would leave me alone  
Bulls jacket with his hat broke way off  
And walked around the mall with his radio face off  
Plus he had the spinner from his Daytons in his hand  
Keys in his hand, reason again to let you know he's the man  
Back when we rocked Ellesses, he had dreams of Caprices  
Drove by the teachers, even more by polices  
How'd he get the cash? The day his father passed away  
Left him with a little somethin', sixteen, he was stuntin'  
Al B. Sure! Nigga with the hair all wavy  
Hit Lake Shore, girls go all crazy  
Hit the freeway, go at least 'bout eighty  
Boned so much that summer, even had him a baby  
See back-back then-then, if you had a car  
You was the [[Chi-Town]] version of Baby  
And I was just a virgin, a baby  
One of the reasons I looked up to him crazy  
I used to love to play my demo tape when the system yanked  
Felt like I was almost signed when the shit got cranked  
We'd take a Saturday and just circle the mall  
They had they Lincolns and Auroras, we was hurtin' 'em all  
With the girls a lot of flirtin' involved, but dog  
Fuck all that flirtin' now I'm tryin' to get in some drawers  
So put me on with these hoes, homie  
He told me don't rush to get grown, drive slow, homie  

# Chorus: Kanye West

Drive slow, homie  
Drive slow  
You never know, homie, about these hoes, homie  
You need to pump your brakes and drive slow, homie  

# Verse 2: Paul Wall

What it do? I'm posted up in the parking lot, my trunk waving  
The candy gloss is immaculate, it's simply amazing  
Them elbows pokin' wide on that candy 'Lac  
Trunk open, screens on, neons lit with fifth relaxed  
I'm on a mission for dime-pieces and sexy ladies  
Allow me to introduce you to my CL Mercedes  
It's a star-studded event when I valet park  
Open up my mouth and sunlight illuminates the dark  
You see them fours crawling? You see them screens falling?  
The disco ball in my mouth insinuates I'm ballin'  
I'm leaning on the switch, sitting crooked in my slab  
But I could still catch boppers if I drove a cab  
A young Houston hard-hitter all about the scrilla  
Ridin' something candy-coated, crawling like a caterpillar  
I'm tipping on them fours, I'm jamming on that Screw  
I'm looking for them hoes, baby, what it do? Drive slow, homie  

# Chorus: Kanye West & GLC

Turn your hazard lights on when you see them hoes  
Drive slow, homie  
If you're riding around the city with nowhere to go  
Drive slow, homie  
Live today, cause tomorrow, man, you never know  
You never know, homie, might meet some hoes, homie  
You need to pump your brakes and drive slow, homie  

# Verse 3: GLC & Kanye West

My car's like the movie, my car's like the crib  
I got more TVs in here than where I live  
And that don't make no sense, but baby, I'm the shit  
And everything I flip, you know it's something serious  
I got the custom grill, I got the Brabus rims  
I got the baller genetics, baby this evidence  
You see a player flicking, and how you ain't convinced  
That you should go on and kiss it, just a little bit (just a little bit)  
I got my custom kicks, I got my Jesus chain  
My canaries is gleamin' through my angel wings  
They see me, hoes acting like they seen a king  
With that mean lean, smoking on that finest Cali green  
My wood-grain oak, I'm riding on Vogues  
My cylinder quiet, like tip-toes  
I sold Os, and this I know  
When you see them hoes, little homie, drive slow  
(drive slow, drive slow)  

## Bridge: Tony Williams

Oh, oh, hoo, hoo, hoo  
Mm, hm  
Oh, oh, ooh, hoo, ooh  
Mm, hm  
Oh, oh, ooh, hoo, ooh  
Mm, mm, mm, mm

## Outro: Kanye West & Tony Williams

Yeah  
B-boom, b-boom-boom  
_Oh, oh, hoo, hoo, hoo  
Mm, hm_  
Drive slow, homie  
_Oh, oh, hoo, hoo, hoo  
Mm, hm_  
Drive slow, homie  
_Oh, oh, hoo, hoo, hoo  
Mm, hm_  
You never know, homie, might meet some hoes, homie  
_Mm, hm_  
You need to pump your brakes and drive slow, homie  
Drive slow, homie

Commit message:

[add] aliases to the name of the music.

Lyrics/Albums/2. Late Registration/6. Drive Slow.md, after:

---
aliases: Drive Slow, drive slow
---

# Drive Slow (feat. Paul Wall, GLC)

# Intro: Kanye West

Boom, b-boom,

b-boom-boom

# Chorus: Kanye West

Drive slow, homie  
Drive slow, homie  
You never know, homie, might meet some hoes, homie  
You need to pump your brakes and drive slow, homie  

# Verse 1: Kanye West

My homie Mali used to stay at 79th and May  
One of my best friends from back in the day  
Down the street from Calumet, a school full of Stones  
He nicknamed me K-Rock so they would leave me alone  
Bulls jacket with his hat broke way off  
And walked around the mall with his radio face off  
Plus he had the spinner from his Daytons in his hand  
Keys in his hand, reason again to let you know he's the man  
Back when we rocked Ellesses, he had dreams of Caprices  
Drove by the teachers, even more by polices  
How'd he get the cash? The day his father passed away  
Left him with a little somethin', sixteen, he was stuntin'  
Al B. Sure! Nigga with the hair all wavy  
Hit Lake Shore, girls go all crazy  
Hit the freeway, go at least 'bout eighty  
Boned so much that summer, even had him a baby  
See back-back then-then, if you had a car  
You was the [[Chicago|Chi-Town]] version of Baby  
And I was just a virgin, a baby  
One of the reasons I looked up to him crazy  
I used to love to play my demo tape when the system yanked  
Felt like I was almost signed when the shit got cranked  
We'd take a Saturday and just circle the mall  
They had they Lincolns and Auroras, we was hurtin' 'em all  
With the girls a lot of flirtin' involved, but dog  
Fuck all that flirtin' now I'm tryin' to get in some drawers  
So put me on with these hoes, homie  
He told me don't rush to get grown, drive slow, homie  

# Chorus: Kanye West

Drive slow, homie  
Drive slow  
You never know, homie, about these hoes, homie  
You need to pump your brakes and drive slow, homie  

# Verse 2: Paul Wall

What it do? I'm posted up in the parking lot, my trunk waving  
The candy gloss is immaculate, it's simply [[4. Amazing|amazing]]  
Them elbows pokin' wide on that candy 'Lac  
Trunk open, screens on, neons lit with fifth relaxed  
I'm on a mission for dime-pieces and sexy ladies  
Allow me to introduce you to my CL Mercedes  
It's a star-studded event when I valet park  
Open up my mouth and sunlight illuminates the dark  
You see them fours crawling? You see them screens falling?  
The disco ball in my mouth insinuates I'm ballin'  
I'm leaning on the switch, sitting crooked in my slab  
But I could still catch boppers if I drove a cab  
A young Houston hard-hitter all about the scrilla  
Ridin' something candy-coated, crawling like a caterpillar  
I'm tipping on them fours, I'm jamming on that Screw  
I'm looking for them hoes, baby, what it do? Drive slow, homie  

# Chorus: Kanye West & GLC

Turn your hazard lights on when you see them hoes  
Drive slow, homie  
If you're riding around the city with nowhere to go  
Drive slow, homie  
Live today, cause tomorrow, man, you never know  
You never know, homie, might meet some hoes, homie  
You need to pump your brakes and drive slow, homie  

# Verse 3: GLC & Kanye West

My car's like the movie, my car's like the crib  
I got more TVs in here than where I live  
And that don't make no sense, but baby, I'm the shit  
And everything I flip, you know it's something serious  
I got the custom grill, I got the Brabus rims  
I got the baller genetics, baby this evidence  
You see a player flicking, and how you ain't convinced  
That you should go on and kiss it, just a little bit (just a little bit)  
I got my custom kicks, I got my Jesus chain  
My canaries is gleamin' through my angel wings  
They see me, hoes acting like they seen a king  
With that mean lean, smoking on that finest Cali green  
My wood-grain oak, I'm riding on Vogues  
My cylinder quiet, like tip-toes  
I sold Os, and this I know  
When you see them hoes, little homie, drive slow  
(drive slow, drive slow)  

## Bridge: Tony Williams

Oh, oh, hoo, hoo, hoo  
Mm, hm  
Oh, oh, ooh, hoo, ooh  
Mm, hm  
Oh, oh, ooh, hoo, ooh  
Mm, mm, mm, mm

## Outro: Kanye West & Tony Williams

Yeah  
B-boom, b-boom-boom  
_Oh, oh, hoo, hoo, hoo  
Mm, hm_  
Drive slow, homie  
_Oh, oh, hoo, hoo, hoo  
Mm, hm_  
Drive slow, homie  
_Oh, oh, hoo, hoo, hoo  
Mm, hm_  
You never know, homie, might meet some hoes, homie  
_Mm, hm_  
You need to pump your brakes and drive slow, homie  
Drive slow, homie
