Lyrics/Albums/8. Ye/1. I Thought About Killing You.md, before:

# I Thought About Killing You

_[Francis and the Lights and Kanye West:]_  
I know, I know, I know, I know, know  
I know, I know, I know, I know, know  
I, I know it, I know it  

_[Kanye West:]_  
The most beautiful thoughts are always besides the darkest  
Today, I seriously thought about killing you  
I contemplated, premeditated murder  
And I think about killing myself  
And [[I love myself way more than I love you]], so…  
Today, I thought about killing you, premeditated murder  
You'd only care enough to kill somebody you love  
The most beautiful thoughts are always inside the darkest  
(Mhm—mhm—mhm—mhm—mhmm)  
Just say it out loud to see how it feels  
People say "don't say this, don't say that"  
Just say it out loud, just to see how it feels  
Weigh all the options, nothing's off the table  
Today, I thought about killing you, premeditated murder  
I think about killing myself  
And I, [[I love myself way more than I love you]]  
The most beautiful thoughts are always besides the darkest  
(Mhm—mhm—mhm—mhm—mhm—mhm—mhm—mhm—mhmm)  
I think this is the part where I'm supposed to say somethin' good to compensate it so it doesn't come off bad  
But sometimes I think really bad things  
Really, really, really bad things  
And [[I love myself way more than I love you]]  
See, if I was tryin' to relate it to more people  
I'd probably say I'm struggling with loving myself  
Because that seems like a common theme  
But that's not the case here  
[[I love myself way more than I love you]]  
And I think about killing myself  
So, best believe, I thought about killing you today  
Premeditated murder   ^ba2116

_[Kanye West:]_  
I called up my loved ones, I called up my cousins  
I called up the Muslims, said I'm 'bout to go dumb  
Get so bright, it's no sun, get so loud, I hear none  
Screamed so loud, got no lungs, hurt so bad, I go numb  
Time to bring in the drums, that prra-pa-pa-pum  
Set the NewTone on 'em, set the nuke off on 'em  
I need Coke with no rum, I taste coke on her tongue  
I don't joke with no one, they'll say "He died so young"  
I done had a bad case of too many bad days  
Got too many bad traits, used the floor for ashtrays  
I don't do shit halfway, I'ma clear the cache  
[[I'ma make my name last, put that on my last name]]  
It's a different type of rules that we obey  
Ye, Ye, Ye season, nigga, we Old Bay  
We was all born to die, nigga, DOA  
[[Niggas say they hero, mm, I don't see no cape]]  
Mm, I don't see no, mm, yeah, I don't see no, mm, mm  
If I wasn't shinin' so hard, wouldn't be no shade  
Buckwheat-ass nigga, it's gon' be o-tay  
[[Sorry, but I chose not to be no slave]]  
Young nigga shit, nigga, we don't age  
I thought I was past my Deebo ways  
[[Even when I went broke, I ain't break]]  
How you gon' hate? Nigga, we go way back  
To when I had the braids and you had the wave cap  
Drop a pin for the fade and I'm on my way ASAP  
Don't get socked in the mouth, you know homie don't play that  
Pay the fire marshal bill 'cause this shit done got way packed  
They wanna see me go ape (Ape, ape)  
All you gotta do is speak on Ye  
All you gotta do is speak on Ye  
Don't get your tooth chipped like Frito-Lay ^f51958

Commit message:

[add] aliases to the name of the music.

Lyrics/Albums/8. Ye/1. I Thought About Killing You.md, after:

---
aliases: I Thought About Killing You, i thought about killing you
---

# I Thought About Killing You

_[Francis and the Lights and Kanye West:]_  
I know, I know, I know, I know, know  
I know, I know, I know, I know, know  
I, I know it, I know it  

_[Kanye West:]_  
The most beautiful thoughts are always besides the darkest  
Today, I seriously thought about killing you  
I contemplated, premeditated murder  
And I think about killing myself  
And [[I love myself way more than I love you]], so…  
Today, I thought about killing you, premeditated murder  
You'd only care enough to kill somebody you love  
The most beautiful thoughts are always inside the darkest  
(Mhm—mhm—mhm—mhm—mhmm)  
Just say it out loud to see how it feels  
People say "don't say this, don't say that"  
Just say it out loud, just to see how it feels  
Weigh all the options, nothing's off the table  
Today, I thought about killing you, premeditated murder  
I think about killing myself  
And I, [[I love myself way more than I love you]]  
The most beautiful thoughts are always besides the darkest  
(Mhm—mhm—mhm—mhm—mhm—mhm—mhm—mhm—mhmm)  
I think this is the part where I'm supposed to say somethin' good to compensate it so it doesn't come off bad  
But sometimes I think really bad things  
Really, really, really bad things  
And [[I love myself way more than I love you]]  
See, if I was tryin' to relate it to more people  
I'd probably say I'm struggling with loving myself  
Because that seems like a common theme  
But that's not the case here  
[[I love myself way more than I love you]]  
And I think about killing myself  
So, best believe, I thought about killing you today  
Premeditated murder   ^ba2116

_[Kanye West:]_  
I called up my loved ones, I called up my cousins  
I called up the Muslims, said I'm 'bout to go dumb  
Get so bright, it's no sun, get so loud, I hear none  
Screamed so loud, got no lungs, hurt so bad, I go numb  
Time to bring in the drums, that prra-pa-pa-pum  
Set the NewTone on 'em, set the nuke off on 'em  
I need Coke with no rum, I taste coke on her tongue  
I don't joke with no one, they'll say "He died so young"  
I done had a bad case of too many bad days  
Got too many bad traits, used the floor for ashtrays  
I don't do shit halfway, I'ma clear the cache  
[[I'ma make my name last, put that on my last name]]  
It's a different type of rules that we obey  
Ye, Ye, Ye season, nigga, we Old Bay  
We was all born to die, nigga, DOA  
[[Niggas say they hero, mm, I don't see no cape]]  
Mm, I don't see no, mm, yeah, I don't see no, mm, mm  
If I wasn't shinin' so hard, wouldn't be no shade  
Buckwheat-ass nigga, it's gon' be o-tay  
[[Sorry, but I chose not to be no slave]]  
Young nigga shit, nigga, we don't age  
I thought I was past my Deebo ways  
[[Even when I went broke, I ain't break]]  
How you gon' hate? Nigga, we go way back  
To when I had the braids and you had the wave cap  
Drop a pin for the [[19. Fade|fade]] and I'm on my way ASAP  
Don't get socked in the mouth, you know homie don't play that  
Pay the fire marshal bill 'cause this shit done got way packed  
They wanna see me go ape (Ape, ape)  
All you gotta do is speak on Ye  
All you gotta do is speak on Ye  
Don't get your tooth chipped like Frito-Lay ^f51958
