# Yikes

Shit could get menacin', frightenin', find help  
Sometimes I scare myself, myself  
Shit could get menacin', frightenin', find help  
Sometimes I scare, myself, myself  

Tweakin', tweakin' off that 2C-B, huh  
Is he gon' make it? TBD, huh  
Thought I was gon' run, DMC, huh  
I done died and lived again on DMT, huh  
See, this a type of high that won't come down  
This the type of high that get you gunned down  
Yeezy, Yeezy trollin' OD, huh  
Turn TMZ to Smack DVD, huh  
Russell Simmons wanna pray for me too  
I'ma pray for him 'cause he got MeToo'd  
Thinkin' what if that happened to me too  
Then I'm on E! News  

Shit could get menacin', frightenin', find help  
Sometimes I scare myself, myself  
Shit could get menacin', frightenin', find help  
Sometimes I scare myself, myself  

Ayy, hospital band a hundred bands, fuck a watch  
Hundred grand'll make your best friends turn to [[opp|opps]]  
I hear y'all bringin' my name up a lot  
Guess I just turned the clout game up a notch  
See, y'all really shocked, but I'm really not  
You know how many girls I took to the titty shop?  
If she get the ass with it, that's a 50 pop  
I still bring the bad bitches in the city out  
Uh, just a different type of leader  
We could be in North Korea, I could smoke with Wiz Khalifa, uh  
Told my wife I've never seen her  
After I hit it, bye Felicia, that's the way that I'ma leave it up  

Shit could get menacin', frightenin', find help  
See, this is why all the bitches fuck with Ye!  
Fuck what they talkin' 'bout!  
Sometimes I scare myself, myself  
They take me on meds, off meds, ask yourself  
Shit could get menacin', frightenin', find help  
Ask your homegirl right now, "Look, you had a shot at Ye?"  
Sometimes I scare myself, myself  
You'd drop everything!  

Tweakin', tweakin' off that 2C-B, huh  
This is why your bitches fuck with me, huh  
Smash, she gon' end up on TV, huh  
Last thing that you ever wanna see, huh  
I can feel the spirits all around me  
I think Prince and Mike was tryna warn me  
They know I got demons all on me  
Devil been tryna make an army  
They been strategizin' to harm me  
They don't know they dealin' with a zombie  
Niggas been tryna test my Gandhi  
Just because I'm dressed like Abercrombie  

You see? You see?  
That's what I'm talkin' 'bout!  
That's why I fuck with Ye!  
See, that's my third perThat's my [[bipolar]] shit, nigga, what?  
That's my superpower, nigga, ain't no disability  
[[I'm a superhero!]] [[I'm a superhero!]]  
Agghhh! ^85c098
