Lyrics/Albums/8. Ye/7. Violent Crimes.md, before:

# Violent Crimes

_[070 Shake:]_  
Fallin', dreamin', talkin' in your sleep  
I know you want to cry all night, all night  
Plottin', schemin', findin'  
Reason to defend all of your violent nights  
Promise me you will see  

_[070 Shake:]_  
Don't you grow up in a hurry, your mom'll be worried, aw  
It was all part of the story, even the scary nights  
Thank you for all of the glory, you will be remembered, aw  
Thank you to all of the heroes of the night (night, night)  
They gotta repaint the colors, the lie is wearin' off  
Reality is upon us, colors drippin' off  
Colors drippin' off  

_[Kanye West:]_  
Niggas is savage, niggas is monsters  
Niggas is pimps, niggas is players  
'Til niggas have daughters, now they precautious  
Father, forgive me, I'm scared of the karma  
'[[Cause now I see women as somethin' to nurture]]  
Not somethin' to conquer  
I hope she like Nicki, I make her a [[6. Monster|monster]]  
Not havin' ménages, I'm just bein' silly  
I answered the door like Will Smith and Martin  
Nigga, do we have a problem?  
Matter fact, Marlon, this ain't Meet the Fockers  
I'll beat his ass, pray I beat the charges  
No, Daddy don't play, not when it come to they daughters  
Don't do no yoga, don't do Pilates  
[[Just play piano and stick to karate]]  
I pray your body's draped more like mine  
And not like your mommy's  
Just bein' salty, but niggas is nuts  
And I am a nigga, I know what they want  
I pray that you don't get it all at once  
Curves under your dress, I know it's pervs all on the net  
All in the comments, you wanna vomit  
That's your baby, you love her to death  
Now she cuttin' class and hangin' with friends  
You break a glass and say it again  
She can't comprehend the danger she in  
If you whoop her ass, she move in with him  
Then he whoop her ass, you go through it again  
But how you the devil rebukin' the sin?  
Let's pray we can put this behind us  
I swear that these times is the wildest  
She got the scars, they serve as reminders  
Blood still on her pajamas  
But yesterday is dead, yeah, moment of silence  
Next, she'll be off to college and then at the altar  
'Cause she know that niggas is savage, niggas is monsters  
Niggas is pimps, niggas is players, 'til niggas have daughters  
Niggas is pimps, niggas is players, 'til niggas have daughters  

_[070 Shake & Ty Dolla $ign:]_  
Don't you grow up in a hurry, your mom'll be worried, aw  
It was all part of the story, even the scary nights  
Thank you for all of the glory, you will be remembered, aw  
Thank you to all of the heroes of the night (night, night)  
They gotta repaint the colors, the lie is wearin' off  
Reality is upon us, colors drippin' off  
Colors drippin' off  

_[Nicki Minaj:]_  
I'm saying it like…  
"I want a daughter like Nicki, aw, man, I promise  
I'ma turn her to a monster, but no ménages"  
I don't know how you saying it but, let 'em hear this

Commit message:

[add] aliases to the name of the music.

Lyrics/Albums/8. Ye/7. Violent Crimes.md, after:

---
aliases: Violent Crimes, violent crimes
---

# Violent Crimes

_[070 Shake:]_  
Fallin', dreamin', talkin' in your sleep  
I know you want to cry all night, all night  
Plottin', schemin', findin'  
Reason to defend all of your violent nights  
Promise me you will see  

_[070 Shake:]_  
Don't you grow up in a hurry, your mom'll be worried, aw  
It was all part of the story, even the scary nights  
Thank you for all of [[11. The Glory|the glory]], you will be remembered, aw  
Thank you to all of the heroes of the night (night, night)  
They gotta repaint the colors, the lie is wearin' off  
Reality is upon us, colors drippin' off  
Colors drippin' off  

_[Kanye West:]_  
Niggas is savage, niggas is monsters  
Niggas is pimps, niggas is players  
'Til niggas have daughters, now they precautious  
Father, forgive me, I'm scared of the karma  
'[[Cause now I see women as somethin' to nurture]]  
Not somethin' to conquer  
I hope she like Nicki, I make her a [[6. Monster|monster]]  
Not havin' ménages, I'm just bein' silly  
I answered the door like Will Smith and Martin  
Nigga, do we have a problem?  
Matter fact, Marlon, this ain't Meet the Fockers  
I'll beat his ass, pray I beat the charges  
No, Daddy don't play, not when it come to they daughters  
Don't do no yoga, don't do Pilates  
[[Just play piano and stick to karate]]  
I pray your body's draped more like mine  
And not like your mommy's  
Just bein' salty, but niggas is nuts  
And I am a nigga, I know what they want  
I pray that you don't get it all at once  
Curves under your dress, I know it's pervs all on the net  
All in the comments, you wanna vomit  
That's your baby, you love her to death  
Now she cuttin' class and hangin' with friends  
You break a glass and say it again  
She can't comprehend the danger she in  
If you whoop her ass, she move in with him  
Then he whoop her ass, you go through it again  
But how you the devil rebukin' the sin?  
Let's pray we can put this behind us  
I swear that these times is the wildest  
She got the scars, they serve as reminders  
Blood still on her pajamas  
But yesterday is dead, yeah, moment of silence  
Next, she'll be off to college and then at the altar  
'Cause she know that niggas is savage, niggas is monsters  
Niggas is pimps, niggas is players, 'til niggas have daughters  
Niggas is pimps, niggas is players, 'til niggas have daughters  

_[070 Shake & Ty Dolla $ign:]_  
Don't you grow up in a hurry, your mom'll be worried, aw  
It was all part of the story, even the scary nights  
Thank you for all of [[11. The Glory|the glory]], you will be remembered, aw  
Thank you to all of the heroes of the night (night, night)  
They gotta repaint the colors, the lie is wearin' off  
Reality is upon us, colors drippin' off  
Colors drippin' off  

_[Nicki Minaj:]_  
I'm saying it like…  
"I want a daughter like Nicki, aw, man, I promise  
I'ma turn her to a [[6. Monster|monster]], but no ménages"  
I don't know how you saying it but, let 'em hear this
