# That's My Bitch (feat. La Roux)

_[Kanye West:]_  
Uh, hello, can I speak to, uh, uh  
Yeah, you know who you are, look  
You had no idea what ya dealing with  
Something on some of this realest shit  
Pop champagne, I'll give you a sip  
'Bout to go dumb: how come?  
Yeah, that's my bitch, that's my bitch  
Sh-[[Shorty]] right there? That's my bitch  
That's my bitch  

_[Elly Jackson and Kanye West:]_  
I've been waiting for a long, long time  
Just to get off and throw my hands up high  
And live my life and live my life (Yeah)  
Just to get off and throw my hands up high  

_[Kanye West:]_  
I paid for them titties, get your own  
It ain't safe in the city, watch the throne  
She say I care more about them basquions  
Basquiats, she learning a new word, it's 'yacht'  
Blew the world up as soon as I hit the club with her  
Too Short called, told me I fell in love with her  
Seat by actors, ball players and drug dealers  
[[Your girl don't like me, how long has she been gay|And some lesbians that never loved niggas]]  
Twisted love story, True Romance  
Mary Magdalene from a pole dance  
I'm a freak, huh?! Rockstar life  
The second girl with us, that's our wife  
Hey, boys and girls, I got a new riddle  
Who's the new old perv that's tryna play second fiddle?  
No disrespect, I'm not tryna belittle  
But my dick worth money, I put Monie in the middle  
Where she at? In the middle   ^603696

_[Elly Jackson:]_  
I've been waiting for a long, long time  
Just to get off and throw my hands up high  
And live my life and live my life  
Just to get off and throw my hands up high, high, high, high  

_[Justin Vernon:]_  
Swilling little licks and mixes 'til mornin'  
I'm yearnin', ooh, yeah  
Could I maybe have another dab of your potion?  
Stop motion, ooh, yeah  

_[Jay-Z:]_  
Ahh, hahh!  
Go harder than a nigga for a nigga, go figure  
Told me keep my own money if we ever did split up  
How could somethin' so gangsta be so pretty in pictures?  
Ripped jeans and a blazer and some Louboutin slippers  
Uh! Picasso was alive he woulda made her  
That's right, nigga, Mona Lisa can't fade her  
I mean Marilyn Monroe, she's quite nice  
But why all the pretty icons always all white?  
Put some colored girls in the MoMA  
Half these broads ain't got nothing on Willona  
Don't make me bring Thelma in it  
Bring Halle, bring Penélope and Salma in it—uh  
Back to my Beyoncés  
You deserve three stacks—word to André  
Call Larry Gagosian, you belong in mo-seums  
You belong in vintage clothes crushing the whole building  
You belong with niggas who used to be known for dope dealing  
You too dope for any of those civilians  
Now shoo, children—stop looking at her tits  
Get ya own dog, ya heard? That's my bitch  

_[Elly Jackson:]_  
I've been waiting for a long, long time  
Just to get off and throw my hands up high  
And live my life and live my life  
Just to get off and throw my hands up high, high, high, high
