Lyrics/Albums/6. Yeezus/1. On Sight.md, before:

# On Sight

_[Kanye West:]_  
Yeezy season approachin'  
Fuck whatever y'all been hearin'  
Fuck what, fuck whatever y'all been wearin'  
A monster about to come alive again  
Soon as I pull up and park the [[Benz]]  
We get this bitch shaking like Parkinsons  
Take my number and lock it in  
Indian hair, no moccasins  
It's too many hoes in this house of sin  
Real nigga back in the house again  
Black Timbs all on your couch again  
Black dick all in your spouse again  
And I know she like chocolate men  
She got more niggas off than Cochran, hah!  

_[Kanye West:]_  
On sight, on sight  

_[Kanye West:]_  
[[How much do I not give a fuck?]]  
Let me show you right now 'fore you give it up  
[[How much do I not give a fuck?]]  
Let me show you right now 'fore you give it up ^3fab57

Oh, he'll give us what we need  
It may not be what we want  

_[Kanye West:]_  
Baby girl tryna get a nut  
And her girl tryna give it up  
Chopped 'em both down  
Don't judge 'em, Joe Brown  
One last announcement  
No sports bra, let's keep it bouncin'  
Everybody wanna live at the top of the mountain  
Took her to the 'Bleau, she tried to sip the fountain  
That when David Grutman kicked her out  
But I got her back in and put my dick in her mouth  

_[Kanye West:]_  
On sight, on sight  

Right now  
[[3. Stronger#^c8553d|I need right now]]  
Right now  
I need, I need right now  
Right now  
I need, I need right now

Commit message:

[add] aliases to the name of the music.

Lyrics/Albums/6. Yeezus/1. On Sight.md, after:

---
aliases: On Sight, on sight
---

# On Sight

_[Kanye West:]_  
Yeezy season approachin'  
Fuck whatever y'all been hearin'  
Fuck what, fuck whatever y'all been wearin'  
A [[6. Monster|monster]] about to come alive again  
Soon as I pull up and park the [[Benz]]  
We get this bitch shaking like Parkinsons  
Take my number and lock it in  
Indian hair, no moccasins  
It's too many hoes in this house of sin  
Real nigga back in the house again  
Black Timbs all on your couch again  
Black dick all in your spouse again  
And I know she like chocolate men  
She got more niggas off than Cochran, hah!  

_[Kanye West:]_  
On sight, on sight  

_[Kanye West:]_  
[[How much do I not give a fuck?]]  
Let me show you right now 'fore you give it up  
[[How much do I not give a fuck?]]  
Let me show you right now 'fore you give it up ^3fab57

Oh, he'll give us what we need  
It may not be what we want  

_[Kanye West:]_  
Baby girl tryna get a nut  
And her girl tryna give it up  
Chopped 'em both down  
Don't judge 'em, Joe Brown  
One last announcement  
No sports bra, let's keep it bouncin'  
Everybody wanna live at the top of the mountain  
Took her to the 'Bleau, she tried to sip the fountain  
That when David Grutman kicked her out  
But I got her back in and put my dick in her mouth  

_[Kanye West:]_  
On sight, on sight  

Right now  
[[3. Stronger#^c8553d|I need right now]]  
Right now  
I need, I need right now  
Right now  
I need, I need right now
