Lyrics/Albums/6. Yeezus/4. New Slaves.md, before:

# New Slaves

_[Swizz Beatz:]_  
Chill, chill, chill, chill, chill, chill  
Chill, chill, chill, chill, chill, chill  

_[Kanye West:]_  
My mama was raised in the era when  
Clean water was only served to the fairer skin  
Doin' clothes, you woulda thought I had help  
But they wasn't satisfied unless I picked the cotton myself  
You see it's broke nigga racism  
That's that "Don't touch anything in the store"  
And it's rich nigga racism  
That's that "Come in, please buy more"  
"What you want, a Bentley? Fur coat? A diamond chain?  
All you blacks want all the same things"  
Used to only be niggas, now everybody playin'  
Spendin' everything on Alexander Wang  
New slaves   ^b5a257

_[Kanye West:]_  
You see it's leaders and it's followers  
[[But I'd rather be a dick than a swallower]]  
You see it's leaders and it's followers  
[[But I'd rather be a dick than a swallower]] ^ad7e48

_[Kanye West:]_  
I throw these Maybach keys, [[808s & Heartbreak|I wear my heart on the sleeve]]  
I know that we the new slaves, I see the [[7. Blood on the Leaves|blood on the leaves]]  
I see the blood on the leaves, I see the [[7. Blood on the Leaves|blood on the leaves]]  
I know that we the new slaves, I see the [[7. Blood on the Leaves|blood on the leaves]]  
They throwin' hate at me, want me to stay at ease  
Fuck you and your corporation, y'all niggas can't control me  
I know that we the new slaves, I know that we the new slaves  
I'm 'bout to wild the fuck out, I'm goin' Bobby Boucher  
I know that pussy ain't free, you niggas pussy, ain't me  
Y'all throwin' contracts at me, you know that niggas can't read  
Throw on some Maybach keys, fuck it, c'est la vie  
I know that we the new slaves, y'all niggas can't fuck with me  
Y'all niggas can't fuck with Ye, y'all niggas can't fuck with Ye  
I'll move my family out the country so you can't see where I stay  
So go and grab the reporters, so I can smash their recorders  
See, they'll confuse us with some bullshit like the New World Order  
Meanwhile the DEA teamed up with the CCA  
They tryna lock niggas up, they tryna make new slaves  
See, that's that privately owned prison, get your piece today  
They prolly all in the Hamptons, braggin' 'bout what they made  
Fuck you and your Hampton house, I'll fuck your Hampton spouse  
Came on her Hampton blouse and in her Hampton mouth  
Y'all 'bout to turn shit up, I'm 'bout to tear shit down  
I'm 'bout to air shit out, now what the fuck they gon' say now?  

_[Kanye West, Frank Ocean and Kóbor János:]_  
I won't end this high, not this time again  
So long, so long, so long, you cannot survive  
And I'm not dyin', and I can't lose  
I can't lose, no, I can't lose  
'Cause I can't leave it to you  
So let's get too high, get too high again  
Too high again, too high, ooh hoo-hoo-hoo, woo  
Yeah, h-h-h-high, h-high-high, high-high high-igh-high-high  
H-high-igh, yeah, high, high-igh  
Egyszer a Nap úgy elfáradt (mhm-igh)  
Elaludt mély zöld tó ölén  
Az embereknek fájt a sötét  
Ő megsajnált, eljött közénk

Commit message:

[add] aliases to the name of the music.

Lyrics/Albums/6. Yeezus/4. New Slaves.md, after:

---
aliases: New Slaves, new slaves
---

# New Slaves

_[Swizz Beatz:]_  
Chill, chill, chill, chill, chill, chill  
Chill, chill, chill, chill, chill, chill  

_[Kanye West:]_  
My mama was raised in the era when  
Clean [[7. Water|water]] was only served to the fairer skin  
Doin' clothes, you woulda thought I had help  
But they wasn't satisfied unless I picked the cotton myself  
You see it's broke nigga racism  
That's that "Don't touch anything in the store"  
And it's rich nigga racism  
That's that "Come in, please buy more"  
"What you want, a Bentley? Fur coat? A diamond chain?  
All you blacks want all the same things"  
Used to only be niggas, now everybody playin'  
Spendin' everything on Alexander Wang  
New slaves   ^b5a257

_[Kanye West:]_  
You see it's leaders and it's followers  
[[But I'd rather be a dick than a swallower]]  
You see it's leaders and it's followers  
[[But I'd rather be a dick than a swallower]] ^ad7e48

_[Kanye West:]_  
I throw these Maybach keys, [[808s & Heartbreak|I wear my heart on the sleeve]]  
I know that we the new slaves, I see the [[7. Blood on the Leaves|blood on the leaves]]  
I see the [[7. Blood on the Leaves|blood on the leaves]], I see the [[7. Blood on the Leaves|blood on the leaves]]  
I know that we the new slaves, I see the [[7. Blood on the Leaves|blood on the leaves]]  
They throwin' hate at me, want me to stay at ease  
Fuck you and your corporation, y'all niggas can't control me  
I know that we the new slaves, I know that we the new slaves  
I'm 'bout to wild the fuck out, I'm goin' Bobby Boucher  
I know that pussy ain't free, you niggas pussy, ain't me  
Y'all throwin' contracts at me, you know that niggas can't read  
Throw on some Maybach keys, fuck it, c'est la vie  
I know that we the new slaves, y'all niggas can't fuck with me  
Y'all niggas can't fuck with Ye, y'all niggas can't fuck with Ye  
I'll move my family out the country so you can't see where I stay  
So go and grab the reporters, so I can smash their recorders  
See, they'll confuse us with some bullshit like the New World Order  
Meanwhile the DEA teamed up with the CCA  
They tryna lock niggas up, they tryna make new slaves  
See, that's that privately owned prison, get your piece today  
They prolly all in the Hamptons, braggin' 'bout what they made  
Fuck you and your Hampton house, I'll fuck your Hampton spouse  
Came on her Hampton blouse and in her Hampton mouth  
Y'all 'bout to turn shit up, I'm 'bout to tear shit down  
I'm 'bout to air shit out, now what the fuck they gon' say now?  

_[Kanye West, Frank Ocean and Kóbor János:]_  
I won't end this high, not this time again  
So long, so long, so long, you cannot survive  
And I'm not dyin', and I can't lose  
I can't lose, no, I can't lose  
'Cause I can't leave it to you  
So let's get too high, get too high again  
Too high again, too high, ooh hoo-hoo-hoo, woo  
Yeah, h-h-h-high, h-high-high, high-high high-igh-high-high  
H-high-igh, yeah, high, high-igh  
Egyszer a Nap úgy elfáradt (mhm-igh)  
Elaludt mély zöld tó ölén  
Az embereknek fájt a sötét  
Ő megsajnált, eljött közénk
