Lyrics/Albums/4. 808s & Heartbreak/10.  See You In My Nightmares.md, before:

# See You In My Nightmares (feat. Lil Wayne)

_[Kanye West and Lil Wayne:]_  
I'm cold! (Yeah)  
I'm cold! (Yeah)  
I'm cold! (Yeah, yeah)  

_[Lil Wayne:]_  
I got the right to put up a fight  
But not quite, 'cause you cut off my light  
But my sight is better tonight  
And I might see you in my nightmare  
Ooh, how did you get there?  
'Cause we were once a fairy tale  
But this is farewell, yeah  

_[Kanye West:]_  
I got my life and it's my only one  
I got the night, I'm running from the sun  
So good night, I'm headed out the door  
Door, door, door, door  
After tonight there will be no return  
After tonight I'm taking off on the road  
I'm taking off on the road  
And that you know  

_[Kanye West:]_  
That you know  
Tell everybody that you know  
That I don't love you no more  
And that's one thing that you know, that you know  

_[Kanye West:]_  
Okay, [[And I'm back on my grind|I'm back up on my grind]]  
You do you and I'm just gon' do mine  
You do you 'cause I'm just gon' be fine  
Okay, I got you out my mind  
And the night is young, the drinks is cold  
The stars is out, I'm ready to go  
You always thought [[You say I think I'm never wrong|I was always wrong]]  
Well, now you know ^cd2775

_[Kanye West:]_  
Tell everybody, everybody that you know  
Tell everybody that you know  
That I don't love you no more  
And that's one thing that you know, that you know  

_[Lil Wayne:]_  
I got the right to put up a fight  
But not quite, 'cause you cut off my light  
But my sight is better tonight  
And I might see you in my nightmare  
Ooh, how did you'd get there?  
'Cause we were once a fairy tale  
But this is farewell, yeah  

_[Lil Wayne:]_  
Baby girl I'm finished, I thought we were committed  
I thought we were cemented, I really thought we meant it  
But now we just repent it, and now we just resent it  
The clouds is in my [[She saw the vision|vision]], look how high that I be getting  
And it's all because of you, girl we through  
You think your shit don't stank but you are Mrs. P-U  
And I don't see you with me no more  
Now tell everybody that you know, that you know  

_[Kanye West:]_  
That you know  
Tell everybody that you know  
That I don't love you no more  
And that's one thing that you know, that you know  
That you know  
Tell everybody that you know  
That I don't love you no more  
And that's one thing that you know, that you know

Commit message:

[add] aliases to the name of the music.

Lyrics/Albums/4. 808s & Heartbreak/10.  See You In My Nightmares.md, after:

---
aliases:  See You In My Nightmares,  see you in my nightmares
---

# See You In My Nightmares (feat. Lil Wayne)

_[Kanye West and Lil Wayne:]_  
I'm cold! (Yeah)  
I'm cold! (Yeah)  
I'm cold! (Yeah, yeah)  

_[Lil Wayne:]_  
I got the right to put up a fight  
But not quite, 'cause you cut off my light  
But my sight is better tonight  
And I might see you in my nightmare  
Ooh, how did you get there?  
'Cause we were once a fairy tale  
But this is farewell, yeah  

_[Kanye West:]_  
I got my life and it's my only one  
I got the night, I'm running from the sun  
So [[14. Good Night|good night]], I'm headed out the door  
Door, door, door, door  
After tonight there will be no return  
After tonight I'm taking off on the road  
I'm taking off on the road  
And that you know  

_[Kanye West:]_  
That you know  
Tell everybody that you know  
That I don't love you no more  
And that's one thing that you know, that you know  

_[Kanye West:]_  
Okay, [[And I'm back on my grind|I'm back up on my grind]]  
You do you and I'm just gon' do mine  
You do you 'cause I'm just gon' be fine  
Okay, I got you out my mind  
And the night is young, the drinks is cold  
The stars is out, I'm ready to go  
You always thought [[You say I think I'm never wrong|I was always wrong]]  
Well, now you know ^cd2775

_[Kanye West:]_  
Tell everybody, everybody that you know  
Tell everybody that you know  
That I don't love you no more  
And that's one thing that you know, that you know  

_[Lil Wayne:]_  
I got the right to put up a fight  
But not quite, 'cause you cut off my light  
But my sight is better tonight  
And I might see you in my nightmare  
Ooh, how did you'd get there?  
'Cause we were once a fairy tale  
But this is farewell, yeah  

_[Lil Wayne:]_  
Baby girl I'm finished, I thought we were committed  
I thought we were cemented, I really thought we meant it  
But now we just repent it, and now we just resent it  
The clouds is in my [[She saw the vision|vision]], look how high that I be getting  
And it's all because of you, girl we through  
You think your shit don't stank but you are Mrs. P-U  
And I don't see you with me no more  
Now tell everybody that you know, that you know  

_[Kanye West:]_  
That you know  
Tell everybody that you know  
That I don't love you no more  
And that's one thing that you know, that you know  
That you know  
Tell everybody that you know  
That I don't love you no more  
And that's one thing that you know, that you know
