Lyrics/Albums/5. My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy/12. Lost in the World.md, before:

# Lost in the World (feat. Justin Vernon of Bon Iver)

_[Justin Vernon:]_  
I'm up in the woods, I'm down on my mind  
I'm building a still to slow down the time  
I'm up in the woods, I'm down on my mind  
I'm building a still to slow down the time  
I'm up in the woods, I'm down on my mind  
I'm building a still, down the time  

_[Kanye West and Justin Vernon:]_  
I'm lost in the world, been down my whole life  
I'm new in the city, and I'm down for the night  
Down for the night, said she's down for the night  
Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh  
Ooh, ooh, ooh (Slow down the time), ooh  
I'm lost in the world, been down my whole life  
I'm new in the city, but I'm down for the night  
Down for the night, down for the night  

_[Kanye West:]_  
You're my [[8. Devil in a New Dress|devil]], you're my angel  
You're my heaven, you're my hell  
You're my now, you're my forever  
You're my freedom, you're my jail  
You're my lies, you're my truth  
You're my war, you're my truce  
You're my questions, you're my proof  
You're my stress and you're my masseuse  
Ma-ma-se, ma-ma-se, ma-ma-ku-sa  
Lost in this plastic life  
Let's break out of this fake-ass party  
Turn this into a classic night  
[[If we die in each other's arms]]  
Still get laid in the afterlife  
[[If we die in each other's arms]]  
Still get laid, yeah, yeah, yeah   ^9887b7

_[Kanye West and Elly Jackson:]_  
Run from the lights, run from the night, run for your life  
Down for the night, down for the night, down for the night  

_[Kanye West:]_  
I'm lost in the world, been down my whole life  
I'm new in the city, and I'm down for the night  
Down for the night, down for the night  

_[Gil Scott Heron and Kanye West:]_  
Who will survive in America?  
Who will survive in America? (Down for the night)  
Who will survive in America?  
Who will survive in America?  

_[Kanye West:]_  
I'm lost in the world, been down my whole life  
I'm new in the city  
And I'm down for the night, down for the night  
I'm lost in the world, been down my whole life  
I'm new in the city  
But I'm down for the night, down for a night  
Oh-oh, get down

Commit message:

[add] aliases to the name of the music.

Lyrics/Albums/5. My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy/12. Lost in the World.md, after:

---
aliases: Lost in the World, lost in the world
---

# Lost in the World (feat. Justin Vernon of Bon Iver)

_[Justin Vernon:]_  
I'm up in the woods, I'm down on my mind  
I'm building a still to slow down the time  
I'm up in the woods, I'm down on my mind  
I'm building a still to slow down the time  
I'm up in the woods, I'm down on my mind  
I'm building a still, down the time  

_[Kanye West and Justin Vernon:]_  
I'm lost in the world, been down my whole life  
I'm new in the city, and I'm down for the night  
Down for the night, said she's down for the night  
Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh  
Ooh, ooh, ooh (Slow down the time), ooh  
I'm lost in the world, been down my whole life  
I'm new in the city, but I'm down for the night  
Down for the night, down for the night  

_[Kanye West:]_  
You're my [[8. Devil in a New Dress|devil]], you're my angel  
You're my heaven, you're my hell  
You're my now, you're my forever  
You're my freedom, you're my [[2. Jail|jail]]  
You're my lies, you're my truth  
You're my war, you're my truce  
You're my questions, you're my proof  
You're my stress and you're my masseuse  
Ma-ma-se, ma-ma-se, ma-ma-ku-sa  
Lost in this plastic life  
Let's break out of this fake-ass party  
Turn this into a classic night  
[[If we die in each other's arms]]  
Still get laid in the afterlife  
[[If we die in each other's arms]]  
Still get laid, yeah, yeah, yeah   ^9887b7

_[Kanye West and Elly Jackson:]_  
Run from the lights, run from the night, run for your life  
Down for the night, down for the night, down for the night  

_[Kanye West:]_  
I'm lost in the world, been down my whole life  
I'm new in the city, and I'm down for the night  
Down for the night, down for the night  

_[Gil Scott Heron and Kanye West:]_  
[[13. Who Will Survive In America|Who will survive in America]]?  
[[13. Who Will Survive In America|Who will survive in America]]? (Down for the night)  
[[13. Who Will Survive In America|Who will survive in America]]?  
[[13. Who Will Survive In America|Who will survive in America]]?  

_[Kanye West:]_  
I'm lost in the world, been down my whole life  
I'm new in the city  
And I'm down for the night, down for the night  
I'm lost in the world, been down my whole life  
I'm new in the city  
But I'm down for the night, down for a night  
Oh-oh, get down
