Lyrics/Albums/5. My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy/13. Who Will Survive In America.md, before:

# Who Will Survive In America

_[Gil Scott-Heron:]_  
Us living as we do upside-down  
And the new word to have is revolution  
People don't even want to hear the preacher spill or spiel  
Because God's whole card has been thoroughly piqued  
And America is now blood and tears instead of milk and honey  
The youngsters who were programmed to continue fucking up woke up one night  
Digging Paul Revere and Nat Turner as the good guys  
America stripped for bed and we had not all yet closed our eyes  
The signs of truth were tattooed across our often-entered vagina  
We learned to our amazement, the untold tale of scandal  
Two long centuries buried in the musty vault  
Hosed down daily with a gagging perfume  
America was a bastard  
The illegitimate daughter of the mother country  
Whose legs were then spread around the world  
And a rapist known as freedom, free-doom  
Democracy, liberty, and justice were revolutionary code names that preceded the bubbling, bubbling, bubbling, bubbling, bubbling  
In the mother country's crotch  
What does Webster say about soul?  
All I want is a good home and a wife  
And a children, and some food to feed them every night  
After all is said and done, build a new route to China if they'll have you  
Who will survive in America?  
Who will survive in America?  
Who will survive in America?  
Who will survive in America?

Commit message:

[add] aliases to the name of the music.

Lyrics/Albums/5. My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy/13. Who Will Survive In America.md, after:

---
aliases: Who Will Survive In America, who will survive in america
---

# Who Will Survive In America

_[Gil Scott-Heron:]_  
Us living as we do upside-down  
And the new word to have is revolution  
People don't even want to hear the preacher spill or spiel  
Because God's whole card has been thoroughly piqued  
And America is now blood and tears instead of milk and honey  
The youngsters who were programmed to continue fucking up woke up one night  
Digging Paul Revere and Nat Turner as the good guys  
America stripped for bed and we had not all yet closed our eyes  
The signs of truth were tattooed across our often-entered vagina  
We learned to our amazement, the untold tale of scandal  
Two long centuries buried in the musty vault  
Hosed down daily with a gagging perfume  
America was a bastard  
The illegitimate daughter of the mother country  
Whose legs were then spread around the world  
And a rapist known as freedom, free-doom  
Democracy, liberty, and justice were revolutionary code names that preceded the bubbling, bubbling, bubbling, bubbling, bubbling  
In the mother country's crotch  
What does Webster say about soul?  
All I want is a good home and a wife  
And a children, and some food to feed them every night  
After all is said and done, build a new route to China if they'll have you  
Who will survive in America?  
Who will survive in America?  
Who will survive in America?  
Who will survive in America?
