Lyrics/Albums/5. My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy/8. Devil in a New Dress.md, before:

# Devil in a New Dress

_[Kanye West:]_  
Uh uh  
I love it, though  
I love it, though, huh, you know?  

_[Kanye West:]_  
Put your hands to the constellations  
[[The way you look should be a sin, you my sensation]]  
I know I'm preachin' to the congregation  
We love Jesus, but you done learned a lot from Satan  
I mean, a nigga did a lot of waiting  
We ain't married, but tonight I need some consummation ^208fd5

_[Kanye West:]_  
May the Lord forgive us, may the gods be with us  
In that magic hour, I seen good Christians  
Make brash decisions, oh, she do it  
[[What happened to religion? Oh, she lose it]]  
She putting on her makeup, she casually allure  
Text message break-ups, the casualty of tour  
How she gon' wake up and not love me no more?  
[[9. Runaway#^7d4cea|I thought I was the asshole]], I guess it's rubbin' off  
Hood phenomenon, the LeBron of rhyme  
[[Hard to be humble when you stunting on a jumbotron]]  
I'm looking at her like, "This what you really wanted, huh?"  
Why we argue anyway? Oh, I forgot, it's summertime ^b5b9e4

_[Kanye West:]_  
Put your hands to the constellations  
[[The way you look should be a sin, you my sensation]]  
I know I'm preachin' to the congregation  
We love Jesus, but she done learned a lot from Satan  
Satan, Satan, Satan  
I mean, a nigga did a lot of waiting  
We ain't married, but tonight I need some consummation  

_[Kanye West:]_  
When the sun go down, it's the magic hour, the magic hour  
And outta all the colors that'll fill up the skies  
[[You got green on your mind, I can see it in your eyes]]  
Why you standing there with your face screwed up?  
Don't leave while you're hot, that's how Mase screwed up  
Throwin' shit around, the whole place screwed up  
Maybe I should call Mase so he could pray for us  
I hit the Jamaican spot, at the bar, take a seat  
[[I ordered the jerk, she said you are what you eat]]  
You see, I always loved that sense of humor  
But tonight, you should have seen how quiet the room was  
The Lyor Cohen of Dior Homme  
That's "Dior Homme," not "Dior, homie"  
The crib Scarface, could it be more Tony?  
[[You love me for me, could you be more phony?]] ^7d1e7b

_[Kanye West:]_  
Put your hands to the constellations  
[[The way you look should be a sin, you my sensation]]  
Haven't said a word, haven't said a word to me this evening  
Cat got your tongue?  

_[Rick Ross:]_  
Lookin' at my bitch, I bet she give your ass a bone  
Lookin' at my wrist, it'll turn your ass to stone  
Stretch limousine, sipping rosé all alone  
Double-headed monster with a mind of his own  
Cherry-red chariot, excess is just my character  
All-black tux, nigga's shoes lavender  
I never needed acceptance from all you outsiders  
Had cyphers with Yeezy before his [[19. Through the Wire|mouth wired]] (Uh)  
Before his jaw shattered, climbing up the Lord's ladder  
We still speedin', running sign' like they don't matter, uh  
Hater talkin' never made me mad  
Never that, not when I'm in my favorite paper tag  
Therefore, G4s at the Clearport  
When it come to tools, fool, I'm a Pep Boy  
When it came to dope, I was quick to export  
Never tired of ballin', so it's on to the next sport  
New Mercedes sedan, the Lex' sport  
So many cars, DMV thought it was mail fraud  
Different traps I was gettin' mail from  
Polk County, Jacksonville, right in Melbourne  
Whole clique appetites had tapeworms  
Spinnin' Teddy Pendergrass vinyl as my J burns  
I shed a tear before the night's over  
God bless the man I put this ice over (Uh)  
Getting 2Pac money twice over  
Still a real nigga, red Coogi sweater, dice-roller  
I'm makin' love to the angel of death  
Catchin' feelings, never stumble, retracin' my steps (Uh)

Commit message:

[add] aliases to the name of the music.

Lyrics/Albums/5. My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy/8. Devil in a New Dress.md, after:

---
aliases: Devil in a New Dress, devil in a new dress
---

# Devil in a New Dress

_[Kanye West:]_  
Uh uh  
I love it, though  
I love it, though, huh, you know?  

_[Kanye West:]_  
Put your hands to the constellations  
[[The way you look should be a sin, you my sensation]]  
I know I'm preachin' to the congregation  
We love Jesus, but you done learned a lot from Satan  
I mean, a nigga did a lot of waiting  
We ain't married, but tonight I need some consummation ^208fd5

_[Kanye West:]_  
May the Lord forgive us, may the gods be with us  
In that magic hour, I seen good Christians  
Make brash decisions, oh, she do it  
[[What happened to religion? Oh, she lose it]]  
She putting on her makeup, she casually allure  
Text message break-ups, the casualty of tour  
How she gon' wake up and not love me no more?  
[[9. Runaway#^7d4cea|I thought I was the asshole]], I guess it's rubbin' off  
Hood phenomenon, the LeBron of rhyme  
[[Hard to be humble when you stunting on a jumbotron]]  
I'm looking at her like, "This what you really wanted, huh?"  
Why we argue anyway? Oh, I forgot, it's summertime ^b5b9e4

_[Kanye West:]_  
Put your hands to the constellations  
[[The way you look should be a sin, you my sensation]]  
I know I'm preachin' to the congregation  
We love Jesus, but she done learned a lot from Satan  
Satan, Satan, Satan  
I mean, a nigga did a lot of waiting  
We ain't married, but tonight I need some consummation  

_[Kanye West:]_  
When the sun go down, it's the magic hour, the magic hour  
And outta all the colors that'll fill up the skies  
[[You got green on your mind, I can see it in your eyes]]  
Why you standing there with your face screwed up?  
Don't leave while you're hot, that's how Mase screwed up  
Throwin' shit around, the whole place screwed up  
Maybe I should call Mase so he could pray for us  
I hit the Jamaican spot, at the bar, take a seat  
[[I ordered the jerk, she said you are what you eat]]  
You see, I always loved that sense of humor  
But tonight, you should have seen how quiet the room was  
The Lyor Cohen of Dior Homme  
That's "Dior Homme," not "Dior, homie"  
The crib Scarface, could it be more Tony?  
[[You love me for me, could you be more phony?]] ^7d1e7b

_[Kanye West:]_  
Put your hands to the constellations  
[[The way you look should be a sin, you my sensation]]  
Haven't said a word, haven't said a word to me this evening  
Cat got your tongue?  

_[Rick Ross:]_  
Lookin' at my bitch, I bet she give your ass a bone  
Lookin' at my wrist, it'll turn your ass to stone  
Stretch limousine, sipping rosé all alone  
Double-headed [[6. Monster|monster]] with a mind of his own  
Cherry-red chariot, excess is just my character  
All-black tux, nigga's shoes lavender  
I never needed acceptance from all you outsiders  
Had cyphers with Yeezy before his [[19. Through the Wire|mouth wired]] (Uh)  
Before his jaw shattered, climbing up the Lord's ladder  
We still speedin', running sign' like they don't matter, uh  
Hater talkin' never made me mad  
Never that, not when I'm in my favorite paper tag  
Therefore, G4s at the Clearport  
When it come to tools, fool, I'm a Pep Boy  
When it came to dope, I was quick to export  
Never tired of ballin', so it's on to the next sport  
New Mercedes sedan, the Lex' sport  
So many cars, DMV thought it was mail fraud  
Different traps I was gettin' mail from  
Polk County, Jacksonville, right in Melbourne  
Whole clique appetites had tapeworms  
Spinnin' Teddy Pendergrass vinyl as my J burns  
I shed a tear before the night's over  
God bless the man I put this ice over (Uh)  
Getting 2Pac money twice over  
Still a real nigga, red Coogi sweater, dice-roller  
I'm makin' love to the angel of death  
Catchin' feelings, never stumble, retracin' my steps (Uh)
