Lyrics/Albums/3. Graduation/11. The Glory.md, before:

# The Glory

_[Kanye West and Laura Nyro:]_  
In my soul  
Gonna take you to the glory  
Goal, in my mind I can't study war, yeah my  
I can't study war, yeah my  
I can't study war, yeah my  
I can't study war, yeah my  

_[Kanye West (John Legend):]_  
Now where the South Side  
I can't study no, yeah my  
I can't study no, yeah my  
Now where the West Side  
I can't study no, yeah my  
I can't study no, yeah my  

_[Kanye West:]_  
[[Can I talk my shit again?]] 
Even if I don't hit again?  
Dog, are you fucking kidding?  
My hat, my shoes, my coat  
Louis Vuitton stitch, with Donatella Versace  
That's Louis Vuitton, bitch  
I think Hennessy, I drink, I'm gone  
Off that Bacardi Limon and Corona. I'm zonin'  
Class back in session so I upped it a grade  
In two years Dwayne Wayne became Dwyane Wade  
And hey, please don't start me  
I'm like Gnarls Barkley meets Charles Barkley  
I'm pop the Barkers, I'm hood the Parkers  
While y'all was in limbo I raised the bar up  
I touched on everything  
Married to the game, rock a chain 'stead of wedding ring  
Y'all bridesmaids catch the garter  
On nights when 'Ye romance  
Cameras flash so much  
That I gotta do that Yayo dance  
I'm on a world tour with Common, my man  
After each and every show a couple dykes in the van  
It's easy  
The hood love to listen to Jeezy and Weezy  
And, oh yeah, Yeezy  
I did it for the glory ^097508

_[Kanye West (John Legend):]_  
Yeah my  
I can't study no, yeah my  
I can't study no, yeah my  
The glory  
I can't study no, yeah my  
I can't study no, yeah my  
I did it for the glory  
I can't study no, yeah my  
I can't study no, yeah my  
The glory  
I can't study no, yeah my  
I can't study no, yeah my  

_[Kanye West:]_  
What am I supposed to do now?  
Man the game all messed up  
How I'm suppose to stand out when everybody get dressed up?  
So yeah, at the Grammys I went ultra Travolta  
Yeah that tuxedo might have been a little guido  
[[But with my ego]]  
I can stand there in a Speedo  
And be looked at like a fucking hero  
The glory, the story, the chain, the [[Pink Polo|polo]], the night  
The [[Grind]], the empty bottles of No-Doz  
Tank on empty, whipping my mamma's Volvo  
I spent that gas money on clothes with logos  
The fur is Hermes, shit that you don't floss  
The Goyard so hard man, I'm Hugo's boss  
Why I gotta ask what that TUDOR cost?  
House on the hill  
Two doors from Tracey Ross  
And I'm asking about her girlfriends  
Yeah, the dark skin'ed ones  
She asking about the speed boats yeah I admit we rented 'em  
When you meet me in person what do you feel like?  
I know, I know I look better in real life  
I hear people compare themselves to big a lot  
You know B.I.G. and Pac, you know to get it hot  
I guess after I live I wanna be compared to B.I.G.  
Any one: Big Pun, Big L or Notorious  
'Till then, get money and stunt and stay glorious  
And I'm gonna stop killing these niggas soon as the chorus hit  
Yeah I'mma stop killing these niggas soon as the chorus hit  
These haters be killing themselves they wanna come and get the glory ^8113a9

_[Kanye West (John Legend):]_  
Yeah my  
I can't study no, yeah my  
I can't study no, yeah my  
The glory  
I can't study no, yeah my  
I can't study no, yeah my  
Now where the South Side  
I can't study no, yeah my  
I can't study no, yeah my  
Now where the West Side  
I can't study no, yeah my  
I can't study no, yeah my  

_[Laura Nyro:]_  
I can't study war, yeah my  
I can't study war, yeah my  
I can't study war, yeah my  
I can't study war, yeah my

Commit message:

[add] aliases to the name of the music.

Lyrics/Albums/3. Graduation/11. The Glory.md, after:

---
aliases: The Glory, the glory
---


# The Glory

_[Kanye West and Laura Nyro:]_  
In my soul  
Gonna take you to the glory  
Goal, in my mind I can't study war, yeah my  
I can't study war, yeah my  
I can't study war, yeah my  
I can't study war, yeah my  

_[Kanye West (John Legend):]_  
Now where the South Side  
I can't study no, yeah my  
I can't study no, yeah my  
Now where the West Side  
I can't study no, yeah my  
I can't study no, yeah my  

_[Kanye West:]_  
[[Can I talk my shit again?]] 
Even if I don't hit again?  
Dog, are you fucking kidding?  
My hat, my shoes, my coat  
Louis Vuitton stitch, with Donatella Versace  
That's Louis Vuitton, bitch  
[[I think Hennessy, I drink, I'm gone]]  
Off that Bacardi Limon and Corona. I'm zonin'  
Class back in session so I upped it a grade  
In two years Dwayne Wayne became Dwyane Wade  
And hey, please don't start me  
I'm like Gnarls Barkley meets Charles Barkley  
I'm pop the Barkers, I'm hood the Parkers  
While y'all was in limbo I raised the bar up  
I touched on everything  
Married to the game, rock a chain 'stead of wedding ring  
Y'all bridesmaids catch the garter  
On nights when 'Ye romance  
Cameras flash so much  
That I gotta do that Yayo dance  
I'm on a world tour with Common, my man  
After each and every show a couple dykes in the van  
It's easy  
The hood love to listen to Jeezy and Weezy  
And, oh yeah, Yeezy  
I did it for the glory ^097508

_[Kanye West (John Legend):]_  
Yeah my  
I can't study no, yeah my  
I can't study no, yeah my  
The glory  
I can't study no, yeah my  
I can't study no, yeah my  
I did it for the glory  
I can't study no, yeah my  
I can't study no, yeah my  
The glory  
I can't study no, yeah my  
I can't study no, yeah my  

_[Kanye West:]_  
What am I supposed to do now?  
Man the game all messed up  
How I'm suppose to stand out when everybody get dressed up?  
So yeah, at the Grammys I went ultra Travolta  
Yeah that tuxedo might have been a little guido  
[[But with my ego]]  
I can stand there in a Speedo  
And be looked at like a fucking hero  
The glory, the story, the chain, the [[Pink Polo|polo]], the night  
The [[Grind]], the empty bottles of No-Doz  
Tank on empty, whipping my mamma's Volvo  
I spent that gas money on clothes with logos  
The fur is Hermes, shit that you don't floss  
The Goyard so hard man, I'm Hugo's boss  
Why I gotta ask what that TUDOR cost?  
House on the hill  
Two doors from Tracey Ross  
And I'm asking about her girlfriends  
Yeah, the dark skin'ed ones  
She asking about the speed boats yeah I admit we rented 'em  
When you meet me in person what do you feel like?  
I know, I know I look better in real life  
I hear people compare themselves to big a lot  
You know B.I.G. and Pac, you know to get it hot  
I guess after I live I wanna be compared to B.I.G.  
Any one: Big Pun, Big L or Notorious  
'Till then, get money and stunt and stay glorious  
And I'm gonna stop killing these niggas soon as the chorus hit  
Yeah I'mma stop killing these niggas soon as the chorus hit  
These haters be killing themselves they wanna come and get the glory ^8113a9

_[Kanye West (John Legend):]_  
Yeah my  
I can't study no, yeah my  
I can't study no, yeah my  
The glory  
I can't study no, yeah my  
I can't study no, yeah my  
Now where the South Side  
I can't study no, yeah my  
I can't study no, yeah my  
Now where the West Side  
I can't study no, yeah my  
I can't study no, yeah my  

_[Laura Nyro:]_  
I can't study war, yeah my  
I can't study war, yeah my  
I can't study war, yeah my  
I can't study war, yeah my
