Lyrics/Albums/3. Graduation/14. Good Night.md, before:

# Good Night (feat. Al Be Back, Mos Def)

_[Mos Def:]_  
I'm not sure anymore, more  
Who is knocking at my door, door  
All the faces that I know  
Ja make them so sunny and true  

_[Mos Def:]_  
I don't wanna say goodbye, to you  
So I'll just say good night, to you  
My people, no goodbyes to you  
I'm just gon' say good night  

_[Kanye West:]_  
Uh  
Good night  
Right now I can see it so vivid  
Like it was just yesterday, like I could relive it  
Me and my grandparents on a field trip  
And I'm the little kid tryna touch the exhibits  
But it'll fade before I get to get a hold of that  
Man, I wish I could stop time like a photograph  
Every joke that they told I'd know to laugh  
Man (man), I wouldn't let a moment pass  
What do it mean when you dream that you fallin'?  
What do it mean when you dream that you ballin'?  
What do it mean when you never dream at all then  
And you don't really know 'cause you can't recall them?  
It's sorta fly you get a chance to say hi to  
People you never got a chance to say bye to  
Maybe you could pull em up outta your dreams  
Into real life (real life), if you try to  
So close (so close), but so far (but so far)  
And so far (and so far), no cigar (no cigar)  
We can't dwell on the past, all we got is today  
So I'ma live like it's no tomorrow, no goodbyes  

_[Mos Def:]_  
I don't wanna say goodbye, to you  
So I'll just say good night, to you  
My people, no goodbyes to you  
I'm just gon' say good night  

_[Al Be Back:]_  
Uh, to you  
If I part, my art will live through you  
Dream beautiful and unusual  
Wake up like every day new to you  
Stay true to you, a hood musical  
My art will live through you  
Dream beautiful and unusual  
Wake up like every day new to you  
Stay true to you, a hood musical  

_[Mos Def:]_  
I don't wanna say goodbye, to you  
So I'll just say good night, to you  
My people, no goodbyes to you  
I'm just gon' say good night  

_[Mos Def:]_  
I'm not sure anymore, more  
Who is knocking at my door, door  
All the faces that I know  
Ja make them so sunny and true  
I'm not sure anymore, more  
Who is knocking at my door, door  
All the faces that I know  
Ja make them so sunny and true  
I'm not sure anymore, more  
Who is knocking at my door, door  
All the faces that I know  
Ja make them so sunny and true  
I'm not sure anymore, more  
Who is knocking at my door, door  
All the faces that I know  
Ja make them so sunny and true

Commit message:

[add] aliases to the name of the music.

Lyrics/Albums/3. Graduation/14. Good Night.md, after:

---
aliases: Good Night, good night
---


# Good Night (feat. Al Be Back, Mos Def)

_[Mos Def:]_  
I'm not sure anymore, more  
Who is knocking at my door, door  
All the faces that I know  
Ja make them so sunny and true  

_[Mos Def:]_  
I don't wanna say goodbye, to you  
So I'll just say good night, to you  
My people, no goodbyes to you  
I'm just gon' say good night  

_[Kanye West:]_  
Uh  
Good night  
Right now I can see it so vivid  
Like it was just yesterday, like I could relive it  
Me and my grandparents on a field trip  
And I'm the little kid tryna touch the exhibits  
But it'll [[19. Fade|fade]] before I get to get a hold of that  
Man, I wish I could stop time like a photograph  
Every joke that they told I'd know to laugh  
Man (man), I wouldn't let a moment pass  
What do it mean when you dream that you fallin'?  
What do it mean when you dream that you ballin'?  
What do it mean when you never dream at all then  
And you don't really know 'cause you can't recall them?  
It's sorta fly you get a chance to say hi to  
People you never got a chance to say bye to  
Maybe you could pull em up outta your dreams  
Into real life (real life), if you try to  
So close (so close), but so far (but so far)  
And so far (and so far), no cigar (no cigar)  
We can't dwell on the past, all we got is today  
So I'ma live like it's no tomorrow, no goodbyes  

_[Mos Def:]_  
I don't wanna say goodbye, to you  
So I'll just say good night, to you  
My people, no goodbyes to you  
I'm just gon' say good night  

_[Al Be Back:]_  
Uh, to you  
If I part, my art will live through you  
Dream beautiful and unusual  
Wake up like every day new to you  
Stay true to you, a hood musical  
My art will live through you  
Dream beautiful and unusual  
Wake up like every day new to you  
Stay true to you, a hood musical  

_[Mos Def:]_  
I don't wanna say goodbye, to you  
So I'll just say good night, to you  
My people, no goodbyes to you  
I'm just gon' say good night  

_[Mos Def:]_  
I'm not sure anymore, more  
Who is knocking at my door, door  
All the faces that I know  
Ja make them so sunny and true  
I'm not sure anymore, more  
Who is knocking at my door, door  
All the faces that I know  
Ja make them so sunny and true  
I'm not sure anymore, more  
Who is knocking at my door, door  
All the faces that I know  
Ja make them so sunny and true  
I'm not sure anymore, more  
Who is knocking at my door, door  
All the faces that I know  
Ja make them so sunny and true
