Lyrics/Albums/3. Graduation/6. Can’t Tell Me Nothing.md, before:

# Can’t Tell Me Nothing

_[Kanye (Young Jeezy):]_  
La, la, la la (Yeah)  
Wait 'til I get my money right  

_[Kanye West:]_  
I had a dream I could buy my way to heaven  
When I awoke, I spent that on a necklace  
I told God I'd be back in a second  
[[Man it's so hard not to act reckless]]  
To whom much is given, much is tested  
Get arrested guess until he get the message  
I feel the pressure, under more scrutiny  
And what I do? Act more stupidly  
Bought more jewelry, more Louis V  
My mama couldn't get through to me  
The drama, people suing me  
I'm on TV talking like it's just you and me  
I'm just saying how I feel man  
I ain't one of the Cosby's, I ain't go to Hillman  
I guess the money should've changed him  
I guess I should've forgot where I came from ^a88a19

_[Kanye (Young Jeezy):]_  
La, la, la la  
Wait 'til I get my money right  
La, la, la la  
Then you can't tell me nothing, right?  
Excuse me, was you saying something?  
Uh-uh, you can't tell me nothing  
You can't tell me nothing  
Uh-uh, you can't tell me nothing  

_[Kanye West:]_  
Let up the suicide doors  
This is my life, homie, you decide yours  
I know that Jesus died for us  
But I couldn't tell ya who decide wars  
So I parallel double parked that motherfucker sideways  
Old folks talking 'bout, "Back in my day"  
But homie, this is my day  
Class started 2 hours ago, oh, am I late?  
No, I already graduated  
And you can live through anything if Magic made it  
They say I talk with so much emphasis  
Ooh, they so sensitive  
Don't ever fix your lips like collagen  
And say something when you gon' end up apolog'ing  
Let me know if it's a problem then, aight, man, holla, then  

_[Kanye (Young Jeezy):]_  
La, la, la la  
Wait 'til I get my money right  
La, la, la la  
Then you can't tell me nothing, right?  
Excuse me, was you saying something?  
Uh-uh, you can't tell me nothing  
You can't tell me nothing  
Uh-uh, you can't tell me nothing  

_[Kanye West:]_  
Let the champagne splash, let that man get cash  
Let that man get past  
He don't even stop to get gas  
If he can move through the rumors, he can drive off of fumes 'cause  
How he move in a room full of no's?  
How he [[stay faithful in a room full of hoes]]?  
Must be the pharaohs, he in tune with his soul  
So when he buried in a tomb full of gold  
Treasure, what's your pleasure?  
Life is a, UH, depending how you dress her  
So if the Devil wear Prada, Adam Eve wear nada  
[[I'm in between but way more fresher]]  
With way less effort, 'cause when you try hard  
That's when you die hard  
Your homies looking like why God  
When they reminisce over you, my God ^b883b3

_[Kanye (Young Jeezy):]_  
La, la, la la  
Wait 'til I get my money right  
La, la, la la  
Then you can't tell me nothing, right?  
Excuse me, was you saying something?  
Uh-uh, you can't tell me nothing  
You can't tell me nothing  
Uh-uh, you can't tell me nothing  

_[Kanye (Young Jeezy):]_  
La, la, la la  
Wait 'til I get my money right  
La, la, la la  
Then you can't tell me nothing, right?  
(I'm serious, nigga, I got money)

Commit message:

[add] aliases to the name of the music.

Lyrics/Albums/3. Graduation/6. Can’t Tell Me Nothing.md, after:

---
aliases: Can’t Tell Me Nothing, can’t tell me nothing
---


# Can’t Tell Me Nothing

_[Kanye (Young Jeezy):]_  
La, la, la la (Yeah)  
Wait 'til I get my money right  

_[Kanye West:]_  
I had a dream I could buy my way to heaven  
When I awoke, I spent that on a necklace  
I told God I'd be back in a second  
[[Man it's so hard not to act reckless]]  
To whom much is given, much is tested  
Get arrested guess until he get the message  
I feel the pressure, under more scrutiny  
And what I do? Act more stupidly  
Bought more jewelry, more Louis V  
My mama couldn't get through to me  
The drama, people suing me  
I'm on TV talking like it's just you and me  
I'm just saying how I feel man  
I ain't one of the Cosby's, I ain't go to Hillman  
I guess the money should've changed him  
I guess I should've forgot where I came from ^a88a19

_[Kanye (Young Jeezy):]_  
La, la, la la  
Wait 'til I get my money right  
La, la, la la  
Then you can't tell me nothing, right?  
Excuse me, was you saying something?  
Uh-uh, you can't tell me nothing  
You can't tell me nothing  
Uh-uh, you can't tell me nothing  

_[Kanye West:]_  
Let up the suicide doors  
This is my life, homie, you decide yours  
I know that Jesus died for us  
But I couldn't tell ya who decide wars  
So I parallel double parked that motherfucker sideways  
Old folks talking 'bout, "Back in my day"  
But homie, this is my day  
Class started 2 hours ago, oh, am I late?  
No, I already graduated  
And you can live through anything if Magic made it  
They say I talk with so much emphasis  
Ooh, they so sensitive  
Don't ever fix your lips like collagen  
And say something when you gon' end up apolog'ing  
Let me know if it's a problem then, aight, man, holla, then  

_[Kanye (Young Jeezy):]_  
La, la, la la  
Wait 'til I get my money right  
La, la, la la  
Then you can't tell me nothing, right?  
Excuse me, was you saying something?  
Uh-uh, you can't tell me nothing  
You can't tell me nothing  
Uh-uh, you can't tell me nothing  

_[Kanye West:]_  
Let the champagne splash, let that man get cash  
Let that man get past  
He don't even stop to get gas  
If he can move through the rumors, he can drive off of fumes 'cause  
How he move in a room full of no's?  
How he [[stay faithful in a room full of hoes]]?  
Must be the pharaohs, he in tune with his soul  
So when he buried in a tomb full of gold  
Treasure, what's your pleasure?  
Life is a, UH, depending how you dress her  
So if the Devil wear Prada, Adam Eve wear nada  
[[I'm in between but way more fresher]]  
With way less effort, 'cause when you try hard  
That's when you die hard  
Your homies looking like why God  
When they reminisce over you, my God ^b883b3

_[Kanye (Young Jeezy):]_  
La, la, la la  
Wait 'til I get my money right  
La, la, la la  
Then you can't tell me nothing, right?  
Excuse me, was you saying something?  
Uh-uh, you can't tell me nothing  
You can't tell me nothing  
Uh-uh, you can't tell me nothing  

_[Kanye (Young Jeezy):]_  
La, la, la la  
Wait 'til I get my money right  
La, la, la la  
Then you can't tell me nothing, right?  
(I'm serious, nigga, I got money)
