Lyrics/Albums/3. Graduation/8. Drunk And Hot Girls.md, before:

# Drunk And Hot Girls (feat. Mos Def)

_[Mos Def:]_  
La-da-da da-da da-da da-da da-da da  
Blap!  

_[Kanye West:]_  
We go through too much bullshit  
Just to mess with these drunk and hot girls  
We go through too much bullshit  
Just to mess with these drunk and hot girls  
We go  
Through too  
Much shit  
To mess  
Mess with  
These drunk  
All of these drunk and hot girls  

_[Kanye West:]_  
Driving around town looking for the best spot  
For the drunk and hot girls  
Up in the club look at here what we got  
Some drunk and hot girls  
Stop dancing with your girlfriend and come dance with me  
Stop talking 'bout your boyfriend since he is not me  
Stop running up my tab 'cause these drinks is not free  
You drunk and hot girl  

_[Kanye West:]_  
We go through too much bullshit  
Just to mess with these drunk and hot girls  
We go through too much bullshit  
Just to mess with these drunk and hot girls  
We go  
Through too  
Much shit  
To mess  
Mess with  
These drunk  
All of these drunk and hot girls  

_[Kanye West:]_  
I don't want to drop your friends off, I just want you  
You drunk and hot girl  
You want to sit down but we hit the drive-thru  
You drunk and hot girl  
Please don't fall asleep, baby, we almost back  
Please don't throw up in the car, we almost crashed  
Oh, now you sober, how'd I know you'd say that  
You drunk and hot girl  

_[Kanye West:]_  
We go through too much bullshit  
Just to mess with these drunk and hot girls  
We go through too much bullshit  
Just to mess with these drunk and hot girls  
We go  
Through too  
Much shit  
To mess  
Mess with  
These drunk  
All of these drunk and hot girls  

_[Mos Def:]_  
Love the dangerous necessity that people seek  
Without regard to where they are  
The human heart is curious  
Above all things, love, the lights are low, your eyes are bright  
The music plays, it's sweet delight  
It's out of sight, I'm feeling right  
Your dress is tight  
Oh how, I want you right now  

_[Kanye West with Mos Def:]_  
Don't tell me, you sing, you about to get a deal  
You drunk and hot girl  
"Ah da da da da," That's how the fuck you sound  
You drunk and hot girl, yeah  
You only live once, do whatever you like  
I thought I'd be with you for only one night  
Now I'm with this girl for the rest of my life  
That drunk and hot girl  

_[Kanye West with Mos Def:]_  
We go through too much bullshit just to mess with these drunk and hot girls  
(A little sippy sippy)  
We gonna through too much bullshit just to mess with these drunk and hot girls  
(Did she say she want a brewski?)  
We go  
Through too  
Much shit  
To mess  
Mess with  
These drunk  
All of these drunk and hot girls

Commit message:

[add] aliases to the name of the music.

Lyrics/Albums/3. Graduation/8. Drunk And Hot Girls.md, after:

---
aliases: Drunk And Hot Girls, drunk and hot girls
---


# Drunk And Hot Girls (feat. Mos Def)

_[Mos Def:]_  
La-da-da da-da da-da da-da da-da da  
Blap!  

_[Kanye West:]_  
We go through too much bullshit  
Just to mess with these drunk and hot girls  
We go through too much bullshit  
Just to mess with these drunk and hot girls  
We go  
Through too  
Much shit  
To mess  
Mess with  
These drunk  
All of these drunk and hot girls  

_[Kanye West:]_  
Driving around town looking for the best spot  
For the drunk and hot girls  
Up in the club look at here what we got  
Some drunk and hot girls  
Stop dancing with your girlfriend and come dance with me  
Stop talking 'bout your boyfriend since he is not me  
Stop running up my tab 'cause these drinks is not free  
You drunk and hot girl  

_[Kanye West:]_  
We go through too much bullshit  
Just to mess with these drunk and hot girls  
We go through too much bullshit  
Just to mess with these drunk and hot girls  
We go  
Through too  
Much shit  
To mess  
Mess with  
These drunk  
All of these drunk and hot girls  

_[Kanye West:]_  
I don't want to drop your friends off, I just want you  
You drunk and hot girl  
You want to sit down but we hit the drive-thru  
You drunk and hot girl  
Please don't fall asleep, baby, we almost back  
Please don't throw up in the car, we almost crashed  
Oh, now you sober, how'd I know you'd say that  
You drunk and hot girl  

_[Kanye West:]_  
We go through too much bullshit  
Just to mess with these drunk and hot girls  
We go through too much bullshit  
Just to mess with these drunk and hot girls  
We go  
Through too  
Much shit  
To mess  
Mess with  
These drunk  
All of these drunk and hot girls  

_[Mos Def:]_  
Love the dangerous necessity that people seek  
Without regard to where they are  
The human heart is curious  
Above all things, love, the lights are low, your eyes are bright  
The music plays, it's sweet delight  
It's out of sight, I'm feeling right  
Your dress is tight  
Oh how, I want you right now  

_[Kanye West with Mos Def:]_  
Don't tell me, you sing, you about to get a deal  
You drunk and hot girl  
"Ah da da da da," That's how the fuck you sound  
You drunk and hot girl, yeah  
You only live once, do whatever you like  
I thought I'd be with you for only one night  
Now I'm with this girl for the rest of my life  
That drunk and hot girl  

_[Kanye West with Mos Def:]_  
We go through too much bullshit just to mess with these drunk and hot girls  
(A little sippy sippy)  
We gonna through too much bullshit just to mess with these drunk and hot girls  
(Did she say she want a brewski?)  
We go  
Through too  
Much shit  
To mess  
Mess with  
These drunk  
All of these drunk and hot girls
