Lyrics/Albums/3. Graduation/9. Flashing Lights.md, before:

# Flashing Lights (feat. Dwele)

Flashing lights (lights, lights)  
Flashing lights (lights, lights)  
Flashing lights (lights, lights)  
Flashing lights (lights, lights)  

_[Kanye West:]_  
She don't believe in shootin' stars  
[[But she believe in shoes and cars]]  
Wood floors in the new apartment  
Couture from the store's departments  
You more like "love to start shit"  
I'm more of the trips to Florida  
Ordered the hors d'oeuvres, views of the water  
Straight from a page of your favorite author  
And the weather so breezy  
Man, [[why can't life always be this easy]]?  
She in the mirror dancin' so sleazy  
I get a call like, "Where are you, Yeezy?"  
And try to hit you with the ol-wu-wopte  
'Til I got flashed by the paparazzi  
Damn, these niggas got me  
[[I hate these niggas more than the Nazis]] ^a0c941

_[Dwele:]_  
As I recall, I know you love to show off  
But I never thought that you would take it this far  
What do I know?  
Flashing lights (lights, lights)  
What do I know? Know  
Flashing lights (lights, lights)  

_[Kanye West:]_  
I know it's been a while, sweetheart  
We hardly talk, I was doin' my thang  
I know I was foul, baby  
Aye, babe, lately, you've been all on my brain  
And if somebody would've told me a month ago  
Frontin', though, yo, I wouldn't wanna know  
If somebody would've told me a year ago  
It'll go get this difficult  
Feelin' like Katrina with no FEMA  
Like Martin with no Gina  
Like a flight with no visa  
First class with the seat back, I still see ya  
In my past, you on the other side of the glass  
Of my memory's museum  
I'm just sayin', hey, Mona Lisa  
Come home, you know you can't roam without Caesar  

_[Dwele:]_  
As I recall, I know you love to show off  
But I never thought that you would take it this far  
What do I know?  
Flashing lights (lights, lights)  
What do I know? Know  
Flashing lights (lights, lights)  

_[Dwele:]_  
As you recall, you know I love to show off  
But you never thought that I would take it this far  
What do you know?  
Flashing lights, lights, lights  
What do you know? Know  
Flashing lights (lights, lights)  
Flashing lights (lights, lights, lights, lights…)

Commit message:

[add] aliases to the name of the music.

Lyrics/Albums/3. Graduation/9. Flashing Lights.md, after:

---
aliases: Flashing Lights, flashing lights
---


# Flashing Lights (feat. Dwele)

Flashing lights (lights, lights)  
Flashing lights (lights, lights)  
Flashing lights (lights, lights)  
Flashing lights (lights, lights)  

_[Kanye West:]_  
She don't believe in shootin' stars  
[[But she believe in shoes and cars]]  
Wood floors in the new apartment  
Couture from the store's departments  
You more like "love to start shit"  
I'm more of the trips to Florida  
Ordered the hors d'oeuvres, views of the [[7. Water|water]]  
Straight from a page of your favorite author  
And the weather so breezy  
Man, [[why can't life always be this easy]]?  
She in the mirror dancin' so sleazy  
I get a call like, "Where are you, Yeezy?"  
And try to hit you with the ol-wu-wopte  
'Til I got flashed by the paparazzi  
Damn, these niggas got me  
[[I hate these niggas more than the Nazis]] ^a0c941

_[Dwele:]_  
As I recall, I know you love to show off  
But I never thought that you would take it this far  
What do I know?  
Flashing lights (lights, lights)  
What do I know? Know  
Flashing lights (lights, lights)  

_[Kanye West:]_  
I know it's been a while, sweetheart  
We hardly talk, I was doin' my thang  
I know I was foul, baby  
Aye, babe, lately, you've been all on my brain  
And if somebody would've told me a month ago  
Frontin', though, yo, I wouldn't wanna know  
If somebody would've told me a year ago  
It'll go get this difficult  
Feelin' like Katrina with no FEMA  
Like Martin with no Gina  
Like a flight with no visa  
First class with the seat back, I still see ya  
In my past, you on the other side of the glass  
Of my memory's museum  
I'm just sayin', hey, Mona Lisa  
Come home, you know you can't roam without Caesar  

_[Dwele:]_  
As I recall, I know you love to show off  
But I never thought that you would take it this far  
What do I know?  
Flashing lights (lights, lights)  
What do I know? Know  
Flashing lights (lights, lights)  

_[Dwele:]_  
As you recall, you know I love to show off  
But you never thought that I would take it this far  
What do you know?  
Flashing lights, lights, lights  
What do you know? Know  
Flashing lights (lights, lights)  
Flashing lights (lights, lights, lights, lights…)
