# Cold

[DJ Khaled]  
Unh, can the headphones go louder?  
Kanye West!  
Swag King Cole  
DJ Khaled!  

[Kanye West]  
Can't a young nigga get money anymore?  
Tell PETA my mink is draggin' on the floor  
Can I have a bad bitch without no flaws  
Come to meet me wit'out no drawers?  
Dinner with Anna Wintour, racin' wit' Anja Rubik  
I told you ma'fuckers it was more than the music  
In the projects one day to project runway  
We done heard all that loud-ass talkin', we used to it  
I'm from where [[Shorty|shorties]] fucked up, double-cupped up  
Might even kill somebody and YouTube it  
So whoever think they words affect me is too stupid  
And if you could do it better than me,  
Then you do it we flyer than the parakeet,  
Floatin' wit' no parachute  
Six thousand-dollar pair of shoes,  
We made it to the Paris news!  
Don't talk about style, 'cause I embarrass you  
Shut the fuck up when you talk to me 'fore I embarrass you  

Can't a young nigga get money anymore?  
Tell PETA my mink is draggin' on the floor  
Can I have a bad bitch wit'out no flaws  
Come to meet me wit'out no drawers?  
And the whole industry wanna fuck yo' old chick  
Only nigga I got respect for is Wiz and I'll admit,  
I fell in love with Kim  
'Round the same time she had fell in love wit' him  
Well, that's cool baby girl do ya thing  
Lucky I ain't have Jay drop 'I'm from the team  
La familia, Roc Nation we in the buildin',  
But still keep it basement  
Flyer than the parakeet, floatin' wit' no parachute  
Six thousand-dollar pair of shoes,  
I made it to the Paris news  
Don't talk about style, 'cause I embarrass you  
Shut the fuck up when you talk to me 'fore I embarrassed you  
G.O.O.D. Music we fresh we fresh anything else we detest detest  
Bitch-ass niggas got ass and breasts  
All that said, lemme ask this quest'  

Can't a young nigga get money anymore?  
Tell PETA my mink is draggin' on the floor  
Can I have a bad bitch wit'out no flaws  
Come to meet me wit'out…  
Don't talk to me 'bout style, nigga,  
I'll ma'fuckin' embarrass you  
Talkin' 'bout clothes,  
I'll ma'fuckin' embarrass you  
Hollin' 'bout some hoes,  
I'll ma'fuckin' embarrass you  
Way too cold,  
I promise you'll need some Theraflu  

(Uh, uh, uh, uh, uh)  
Get the Theraflu  
(Uh, uh-uh, uh-uh, uh)  
Get the Theraflu  
(Uh, uh-uh, uh-uh, uh, uh-uh, uh-uh)  
(Uh, uh-uh, uh-uh uh)  
Get the Theraflu
