---
aliases: Slow Jamz, slow jamz
---

# Slow Jamz (feat. Twista, Jamie Foxx)

## Intro: Jamie Foxx

Kanye, it's Foxx, man  
I'm just sayin' I was talkin' to the girls you know  
And we don't put enough emphasis on the ladies sometime  
You know, I was talkin' to this girl  
She was talkin' about the music all fast in the club you know  
She gotta drink [[7. Water|water]] 'cause she thirsty  
She danced like 92 hundred songs back to back  
With ain't nobody really try to find out what she feelin'  
Like how she feel… you know what she told me?  
(Are you gonna be?) Check it out, this is what she said  
(Say that you're gonna be) Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, oooh  

Are you gonna be?  
Say that you're gonna be  

Oh oh oh oh oh  

## Chorus: Jamie Foxx & Luther

She said she want some Marvin Gaye, some Luther Vandross, a little Anita, will definitely set this party off right  
(Are you gonna be, are you gonna be, are you gonna be, are you gonna be, are you gonna be? Well well well well well)  
She said she want some Ready for the World, some New Edition, some Minnie Riperton will definitely set this party off right  
(Are you gonna be, are you gonna be, are you gonna be, are you gonna be, are you gonna be? Well well well well well)  

## Interlude: Kanye West

It definitely will!  
You know what I told her?  

## Verse 1: Kanye West

I told her to drive over in your new whip  
Bring some friends you cool with  
I'm gonna bring the cool whip  
Then I want you to strip  
See you is my new chick  
So we get our [[Grind]] on  
She be grabbing, calling me Biggie like Shyne home  
Man, I swear she fine homes  
Why she always lying though  
Telling me them diamonds when she know they rhinestones  
She got a [[Light Skinned Friend]] look like Michael Jackson  
Got a [[Light Skinned Friend|dark skinned]] friend look like Michael Jackson  
I played 'Ready for the World' - she was ready for some action  
My dog said you ain't no freak, so you're 'bout to prove my man wrong  
I'm a play this Vandross  
You're gonna take your pants off  
I'm gonna play this Gladys Knight  
Me and you're gonna get right ^31a968

## Chorus: Jamie Foxx & Luther

She said she want some Marvin Gaye, some Luther Vandross  
A little Anita will definitely set this party off right  
(Are you gonna be, are you gonna be, are you gonna be  
Are you gonna be, are you gonna be, well well well well)  
She said she want some Ready for the World, some New Edition  
Some Minnie Riperton will definitely set this party off right  
(Are you gonna be, are you gonna be, are you gonna be  
Are you gonna be, are you gonna be, well well well well)  

## Bridge: Jamie Foxx

Smokey Robinson, Smokey Robinson  
Freddie Jackson, everything, everything (Well well well well)  
Smokey Robinson, Ashford & Simpson (Are you gonna be)  
Set the party, really set the party off right  
Yes it will, yes it will (Well well well well)  
Al Green, oh! Al Green, ohh yeah!  
Oooh!  
Whatcha know about the Isley Brothers?  

## Interlude Aisha Tyler & Kanye West

Now Kanye, I know I told you to slow it down, baby  
It's good, it's all good, it's beautiful  
But now I need you to do it faster baby  
Can you please? Do it faster, baby, do it faster!  
Damn, baby; I can't do it that fast… but I know somebody who can, Twista!  

## Verse 2: Twista

Got you looking at the glist on my hands and wrist  
While I'm laying back smoking on my cannabis  
When it come to rocking the rhythm like Marvin and Luther  
I can tell you ain't no messing with Kan-man and Twist  
From the [[Chi]] and I be  
Sipping [[Hennessy|Hennessy]]  
Play some R&B  
While I smoke a B  
you can preferably find that I'm a G?  
And all this (well well well well well)  
Come with me and sip on some Evelyn Champagne  
You ain't know Twista work it like the Whispers  
Hit the stop light, move it to some Isleys  
The rims still moving so I bump a little Spinners  
While I'm smoking on a B  
Dipping through the streets  
Bumping R&B  
And I got the heat on the 23s?  
And I do it (well well well well well)  
With my Earth and the Wind smoke a Fire  
Let me get your sheets wet listening to Keith Sweat  
Put you in a daze with Maze  
Fulfilling our every temptation slow jamming having deep sex  
You ready for the world girl  
Come on go with me I touch you all over your body baby don't say no to me  
And every moment you controllin' me I'm loving the way you be holding me when I be listening to Jodeci  
And when I come over and bend your ass  
You be bumping Teddy Pendergrass  
I'd hit it from the back to the melody and rode it slow  
Now I gotta go up in it fast, but I'm 'a finish last  
No matter how much of a thug you see  
I still spit it like it's R&B, come to the club with me  
And when some Luther come on I hope you feeling me and still will be in love with me  
[[Chi]] ride ^254eb4

## Chorus: Jamie Foxx & Luther

She said she want some Marvin Gaye, some Luther Vandross, a little Anita, will definitely set this party off right  
(Are you gonna be, are you gonna be, are you gonna be, are you gonna be, are you gonna be? Well well well well well)  
She said she want some Ready for the World, some New Edition, some Minnie Riperton will definitely set this party off right  
(Are you gonna be, are you gonna be, are you gonna be, are you gonna be, are you gonna be? Well well well well well)  

## Bridge: Jamie Foxx & Tracie Spencer

Sly and the Family Stone (Sly and the Family Stone)  
Let's get the party on (Let's get the party on)  
Sly and the Family Stone (Sly and the Family Stone)  
Let's get our party on (Let's get our party on)  
Earth, Wind and Fire, baby (Earth, Wind and Fire, baby)  
Let's take it higher, sweetie (Let's take it higher, sweetie)  
Let's really set, let's really set this party off

## Chorus: Jamie Foxx & Luther

She said she want some Marvin Gaye, some Luther Vandross, a little Anita, will definitely set this party off right  
(Are you gonna be, are you gonna be, are you gonna be, are you gonna be, are you gonna be? Well well well well well)  
She said she want some Ready for the World, some New Edition, some Minnie Riperton will definitely set this party off right  
(Are you gonna be, are you gonna be, are you gonna be, are you gonna be, are you gonna be? Well well well well well)
