Lyrics/Albums/1. The College Dropout/19. Through the Wire.md, before:

# Through the Wire

## Music Video Intro

Last October Grammy-nominated producer Kanye West was in a nearly fatal car accident. His jaw was fractured in nearly three places. Two weeks later he recorded this song with his mouth still wired shut… so the world could feel his pain!

## Intro

Yo, Gee, they can't stop me from rappin', can they?  
Can they, Hop?

## Chorus: Chaka Khan

Through the fire, to the limit, to the wall  
For a chance to be with you, I'd gladly risk it all  
Through the fire, through whatever, come what may  
For a chance at loving you, I'd take it all the way  
Right down to the wire, even through the fire  

## Over Chorus

I spit it through the wire, man  
There's too much stuff on my heart right now, man  
I'd gladly risk it all right now  
It's a life-or-death situation, man  
Y'all, y'all don't really understand how I feel right now, man  
It's your boy, Kanye to the…  
[[Chi-Town]], what's goin' on?  

## Verse 1

I drink a Boost for breakfast, an Ensure for dessert  
Somebody ordered pancakes, I just sip the sizzurp  
That right there could drive a sane man berserk  
Not to worry, Mr. H-to-the-Izzo's back to wizzerk  
How do you console my mom or give her light support  
Tellin' her her son's on life support?  
And just imagine how my girl feel  
On the plane scared as hell that her guy look like Emmett Till  
She was with me before the deal, she'd been tryna be mine  
She a Delta, so she'd been throwin' that Dynasty sign  
No use in me tryna be lyin', I been tryna be signed  
Tryin' to be a millionaire, how I used two lifelines  
In the same hospital where Biggie Smalls died  
The doctor said I had blood clots, but I ain't Jamaican, man  
Story on MTV and I ain't tryna make a band  
I swear, this right here, history in the makin', man  

## Chorus: Chaka Khan

Through the fire, to the limit, to the wall  
For a chance to be with you, I'd gladly risk it all  
Through the fire, through whatever, come what may  
For a chance at loving you, I'd take it all the way  
Right down to the wire, even through the fire  

## Over Chorus

I really apologize for everything right now  
If it's unclear at all, man  
They got my mouth wired shut  
For like… I dunno, the doctor said like six weeks  
Y'know, he had, I had reconstructive surgery on my jaw  
I looked in the mirror  
And half my jaw was in the back of my mouth, man  
I couldn't believe it  
But I'm still here for y'all right now, man  
This what I got to say right here, dawg  
Yeah, turn me up, yeah, uh  

## Verse 2

What if somebody from the [[Chi]]' that was ill got a deal  
On the hottest rap label around?  
But he wasn't talkin' 'bout coke and birds  
It was more like spoken word, 'cept he's really puttin' it down?  
And he explained the story 'bout how blacks came from glory  
And what we need to do in the game  
Good dude, bad night, right place, wrong time  
In the blink of a eye, his whole life changed  
If you could feel how my face felt  
You would know how Mase felt (Mason Betha!)  
Thank God I ain't too cool for the safe belt  
I swear to God, driver two wanna sue  
I got a lawyer for the case, to keep what's in my safe safe  
My dawgs couldn't tell if I…  
I looked like Tom Cruise in Vanilla Sky, it was televised  
There's been an accident like GEICO  
They thought I was burnt up like Pepsi did Michael  
I must got a angel, 'cause look how death missed his ass  
Unbreakable, what, you thought they'd call me Mr. Glass?  
Look back on my life like the Ghost of Christmas Past  
Toys "R" Us where I used to spend that Christmas cash  
And I still won't grow up, I'm a grown-ass kid  
Swear I should be locked up for stupid shit that I did  
But I'm a champion, so I turned tragedy to triumph  
Make music that's fire, spit my soul through the wire  

## Chorus: Chaka Khan

Through the fire, to the limit, to the wall  
For a chance to be with you, I'd gladly risk it all  
Through the fire, through whatever, come what may  
For a chance at loving you, I'd take it all the way  
Right down to the wire, even through the fire  

## Over Chorus

Y'know what I'm sayin'?  
When the doctor told me I had, um  
That I was gonna have to have a plate in my chin  
I said, "Dawg, don't you realize I'll never make it on a plane now?"  
"It's bad enough I got all this jewelry on!"  
You can't be serious, man

Commit message:

[add] aliases to the name of the music.

Lyrics/Albums/1. The College Dropout/19. Through the Wire.md, after:

---
aliases: Through the Wire, through the wire
---

# Through the Wire

## Music Video Intro

Last October Grammy-nominated producer Kanye West was in a nearly fatal car accident. His jaw was fractured in nearly three places. Two weeks later he recorded this song with his mouth still wired shut… so the world could feel his pain!

## Intro

Yo, Gee, they can't stop me from rappin', can they?  
Can they, Hop?

## Chorus: Chaka Khan

Through the fire, to the limit, to the wall  
For a chance to be with you, I'd gladly risk it all  
Through the fire, through whatever, come what may  
For a chance at loving you, I'd take it all the way  
Right down to the wire, even through the fire  

## Over Chorus

I spit it through the wire, man  
There's too much stuff on my heart right now, man  
I'd gladly risk it all right now  
It's a life-or-death situation, man  
Y'all, y'all don't really understand how I feel right now, man  
It's your boy, Kanye to the…  
[[Chicago|Chi-Town]], what's goin' on?  

## Verse 1

I drink a Boost for breakfast, an Ensure for dessert  
Somebody ordered pancakes, I just sip the sizzurp  
That right there could drive a sane man berserk  
Not to worry, Mr. H-to-the-Izzo's back to wizzerk  
How do you console my mom or give her light support  
Tellin' her her son's on life support?  
And just imagine how my girl feel  
On the plane scared as hell that her guy look like Emmett Till  
She was with me before the deal, she'd been tryna be mine  
She a Delta, so she'd been throwin' that Dynasty sign  
No use in me tryna be lyin', I been tryna be signed  
Tryin' to be a millionaire, how I used two lifelines  
In the same hospital where Biggie Smalls died  
The doctor said I had blood clots, but I ain't Jamaican, man  
Story on MTV and I ain't tryna make a band  
I swear, this right here, history in the makin', man  

## Chorus: Chaka Khan

Through the fire, to the limit, to the wall  
For a chance to be with you, I'd gladly risk it all  
Through the fire, through whatever, come what may  
For a chance at loving you, I'd take it all the way  
Right down to the wire, even through the fire  

## Over Chorus

I really apologize for everything right now  
If it's unclear at all, man  
They got my mouth wired shut  
For like… I dunno, the doctor said like six weeks  
Y'know, he had, I had reconstructive surgery on my jaw  
I looked in the mirror  
And half my jaw was in the back of my mouth, man  
I couldn't believe it  
But I'm still here for y'all right now, man  
This what I got to say right here, dawg  
Yeah, turn me up, yeah, uh  

## Verse 2

What if somebody from the [[Chicago|Chi]]' that was ill got a deal  
On the hottest rap label around?  
But he wasn't talkin' 'bout coke and birds  
It was more like spoken word, 'cept he's really puttin' it down?  
And he explained the story 'bout how blacks came from glory  
And what we need to do in the game  
Good dude, bad night, right place, wrong time  
In the blink of a eye, his whole life changed  
If you could feel how my face felt  
You would know how Mase felt (Mason Betha!)  
Thank God I ain't too cool for the safe belt  
I swear to God, driver two wanna sue  
I got a lawyer for the case, to keep what's in my safe safe  
My dawgs couldn't tell if I…  
I looked like Tom Cruise in Vanilla Sky, it was televised  
There's been an accident like GEICO  
They thought I was burnt up like Pepsi did Michael  
I must got a angel, 'cause look how death missed his ass  
Unbreakable, what, you thought they'd call me Mr. Glass?  
Look back on my life like the Ghost of Christmas Past  
Toys "R" Us where I used to spend that Christmas cash  
And I still won't grow up, I'm a grown-ass kid  
Swear I should be locked up for stupid shit that I did  
But I'm a [[2. Champion|champion]], so I turned tragedy to triumph  
Make music that's fire, spit my soul through the wire  

## Chorus: Chaka Khan

Through the fire, to the limit, to the wall  
For a chance to be with you, I'd gladly risk it all  
Through the fire, through whatever, come what may  
For a chance at loving you, I'd take it all the way  
Right down to the wire, even through the fire  

## Over Chorus

Y'know what I'm sayin'?  
When the doctor told me I had, um  
That I was gonna have to have a plate in my chin  
I said, "Dawg, don't you realize I'll never make it on a plane now?"  
"It's bad enough I got all this jewelry on!"  
You can't be serious, man
