Lyrics/Albums/1. The College Dropout/7. Jesus Walks.md, before:

# Jesus Walks

## Intro: Kanye West

We at war  
We at war with terrorism, racism  
But most of all we at war with ourselves

## Chorus: Kanye West

(Jesus walk)  
God show me the way because the Devil's tryna break me down  
(Jesus walk with me)

## Verse 1: Kanye West

You know what the Midwest is? Young and restless  
Where restless (Niggas) might snatch your necklace  
And next these (Niggas) might jack your Lexus  
Somebody tell these (Niggas) who Kanye West is  
I walk through the valley of the [[Chi]] where death is  
Top floor the view alone will leave you breathless  
Try to catch it it's kinda hard  
Getting choked by detectives, yeah, yeah, now check the method  
They be askin' us questions, harass and arrest us  
Sayin' "We eat pieces of shit like you for breakfast"  
Huh? Y'all eat pieces of shit? What's the basis?  
We ain't going nowhere but got suits and cases  
A trunk full of coke, rental car from Avis  
My mama used to say only Jesus can save us  
Well mama I know I act a fool  
But I'll be gone 'til November, I got packs to move  
I hope

## Chorus: Kanye West

(Jesus walk)  
God show me the way because the Devil's tryna break me down  
(Jesus walk with me)  
The only thing that I pray is that my feet don't fail me now  
(Jesus walk)  
And I don't think there's nothin' I can do now to right my wrongs  
(Jesus walk with me)  
I wanna talk to God but I'm afraid 'cause we ain't spoke in so long  
(Jesus walk)  
God show me the way because the Devil's tryna break me down  
(Jesus walk with me)  
The only thing that I pray is that my feet don't fail me now  
(Jesus walk)  
And I don't think there's nothin' I can do now to right my wrongs  
(Jesus walk with me)  
I wanna talk to God but I'm afraid 'cause we ain't spoke in so long  
So long, so long  
(Jesus walk with me)

## Verse 1: Kanye West

To the hustlers, killers, murderers, drug dealers, even the scrippers  
(Jesus walks for them)  
To the victims of welfare feel we livin' in Hell here, hell yeah  
(Jesus walks for them)  
Now, hear ye, hear ye, want to see Thee more clearly  
I know He hear me when my feet get weary  
'Cause we're the almost nearly extinct  
We rappers is role models: we rap, we don't think  
I ain't here to argue about His facial features  
Or here to convert atheists into believers  
I'm just tryna say the way school need teachers  
The way Kathie Lee needed Regis, that's the way I need Jesus  
So here go my single, dawg, radio needs this  
They say you can rap about anything except for Jesus  
That means guns, sex, lies, videotape  
But if I talk about God my record won't get played, huh?  
Well if this take away from my spins  
Which'll probably take away from my ends  
Then I hope this take away from my sins  
And bring the day that I'm dreamin' about  
Next time I'm in the club, everybody screamin' out

## Chorus: Kanye West

(Jesus walk)  
God show me the way because the Devil's tryna break me down  
(Jesus walk with me)  
The only thing that I pray is that my feet don't fail me now

Commit message:

[add] aliases to the name of the music.

Lyrics/Albums/1. The College Dropout/7. Jesus Walks.md, after:

---
aliases: Jesus Walks, jesus walks
---

# Jesus Walks

## Intro: Kanye West

We at war  
We at war with terrorism, racism  
But most of all we at war with ourselves

## Chorus: Kanye West

(Jesus walk)  
God show me the way because the Devil's tryna break me down  
(Jesus walk with me)

## Verse 1: Kanye West

You know what the Midwest is? Young and restless  
Where restless (Niggas) might snatch your necklace  
And next these (Niggas) might jack your Lexus  
Somebody tell these (Niggas) who Kanye West is  
I walk through the valley of the [[Chicago|Chi]] where death is  
Top floor the view alone will leave you breathless  
Try to catch it it's kinda hard  
Getting choked by detectives, yeah, yeah, now check the method  
They be askin' us questions, harass and arrest us  
Sayin' "We eat pieces of shit like you for breakfast"  
Huh? Y'all eat pieces of shit? What's the basis?  
We ain't going nowhere but got suits and cases  
A trunk full of coke, rental car from Avis  
My mama used to say only Jesus can save us  
Well mama I know I act a fool  
But I'll be gone 'til November, I got packs to move  
I hope

## Chorus: Kanye West

(Jesus walk)  
God show me the way because the Devil's tryna break me down  
(Jesus walk with me)  
The only thing that I pray is that my feet don't fail me now  
(Jesus walk)  
And I don't think there's nothin' I can do now to right my wrongs  
(Jesus walk with me)  
I wanna talk to God but I'm afraid 'cause we ain't spoke in so long  
(Jesus walk)  
God show me the way because the Devil's tryna break me down  
(Jesus walk with me)  
The only thing that I pray is that my feet don't fail me now  
(Jesus walk)  
And I don't think there's nothin' I can do now to right my wrongs  
(Jesus walk with me)  
I wanna talk to God but I'm afraid 'cause we ain't spoke in so long  
So long, so long  
(Jesus walk with me)

## Verse 1: Kanye West

To the hustlers, killers, murderers, drug dealers, even the scrippers  
(Jesus walks for them)  
To the victims of welfare feel we livin' in Hell here, hell yeah  
(Jesus walks for them)  
Now, hear ye, hear ye, want to see Thee more clearly  
I know He hear me when my feet get weary  
'Cause we're the almost nearly extinct  
We rappers is role models: we rap, we don't think  
I ain't here to argue about His facial features  
Or here to convert atheists into believers  
I'm just tryna say the way school need teachers  
The way Kathie Lee needed Regis, that's the way I need Jesus  
So here go my single, dawg, radio needs this  
They say you can rap about anything except for Jesus  
That means guns, sex, lies, videotape  
But if I talk about God my record won't get played, huh?  
Well if this take away from my spins  
Which'll probably take away from my ends  
Then I hope this take away from my sins  
And bring the day that I'm dreamin' about  
Next time I'm in the club, everybody screamin' out

## Chorus: Kanye West

(Jesus walk)  
God show me the way because the Devil's tryna break me down  
(Jesus walk with me)  
The only thing that I pray is that my feet don't fail me now
