Lyrics/Albums/10. Donda/17. Jesus Lord.md, before:

# Jesus Lord (feat. Jay Electronica)

_[Kanye West:]_  
Tell me if you know someone that needs (Jesus, Lord)  
Now we've been through a lot of things  
Tell me if you know someone that needs (Jesus, Lord)  
He lives in a lot of things  
Tell me if you know someone that needs (Jesus, Lord)  
Been through a lot of things  
Tell me if you know someone that needs (Jesus, Lord)  

Sittin' by myself, I'm just thinkin'  
About all I've been through, I wish I was dreamin'  
Man, [[it's hard to be an angel when you surrounded by demons]] (Jesus)  
I watched so many people leave (Lord)  
I see 'em change by the season, that's mama's seasonin'  
God got you, the devil's watchin', he just peekin' in  
I know I made a promise that I'd never let the reaper in (Jesus)  
But lately, I've been losin' all my deepest friends (Lord)  
And lately, I've been swimmin' on the deepest end  
It's just drugs, it ain't no hugs, it ain't no love there  
You been down so much you don't even know what's upstairs (Jesus)  
Suicidal thoughts got you wonderin' what's up there (Lord)  
And while I introduce the party, you say it's up there  
Too many pills, so much potions, so much pain, too many emotions  
And everything that you do good, it just go unnoticed (Jesus)  
Did He tell you that you good and just stay focused? (Lord)  
Mama, you was the life of the party  
I swear you brought life to the party  
When you lost your life, it took the life out the party (Jesus)  
That woman rode with me like a Harley (Lord)  
[[She saw the vision|Visions]] of my cousins in a cell really scarred me  
Movin' to the hood was like signin' up for the army  
'Cause they been killin' … since … was watchin' Barney (Jesus)  
You want dreams to come true? But I have [[10.  See You In My Nightmares|nightmares]] (Lord)  
'Cause if that [[22. Come to Life|come to life]], then I might not be right here  
Been in the dark so long, don't know if the light here  
But I'm just reaching for the stars like Buzz Lightyear (Jesus)  
And now I'm lightyears ahead of those nightmares (Lord)  
I deaded those night terrors when the night clears  
[[And if I talk to Christ, can I bring my mother back to life?]]  
And if I die tonight, will I see her in the afterlife? (Jesus)  
But back to reality, where everything's a tragedy (Lord)  
You better have a strategy or you could be a statistic  
Little boy dies, he's just one of the mystic  
And mama steady crying 'cause she really the victim (Jesus)  
And she's getting high and she's getting addicted (Lord)  
And her older boy just stuck with the picture, painted vivid  
That's a family portrait, and her daughter just absorbed it  
Sixteen, pregnant, baby daddy say she should abort it (Jesus)  
But we can't afford it, so she decides to move forward (Lord)  
Baby shower time, father didn't show up  
Now she just feeling nauseous like she finna throw up  
The water flows down her legs, yeah, it's finna go up (Jesus)  
A year done went by, her daughter just turned one (Lord)  
And she's still dependent on her mom  
Big brother in the streets, he went and bought him a gun  
He want revenge 'cause the pain, feelin' numb (Jesus)  
And her mom still doing drugs 'cause that's the only time she feel loved (Lord)  
Is it real love? Do the scars really heal up?  
From all the pain that done built up, but they don't feel us (Jesus)  
A week done flew by, big bro ridin' then he see the guys (Lord)  
Left his little brother on the side, bleeding from the side  
He seein' red, it's like he's bleeding through his eyes  
To see him dead, the only thing that'll help the grieving up inside (Jesus)  
Even let him get the last meal  
He done with the streets after this, this his last kill (Lord)  
He gotta show him that it's that real  
He ran up on him with the pipe like, "… stand still" (Jesus)  
"You took my brother life, you made my mother cry" (Lord)  
"Tell me one reason I shouldn't send you up to Christ"  
He said, "Go 'head, take my life, I've seen everything but Christ"  
Then big bro just blacked out and all you seen was the light (Jesus, Lord) ^271479

Tell me if you know someone that needs (Jesus, Lord)  

_[Jay Electronica:]_  
Uh-huh, in the name of the true and living God, the beneficent, the merciful (Hallelujah)  
Thank you for bringing me up the rough side of the mountain like Ertuğrul (Jesus)  
Every knee bowed and every tongue confessed and paid homage (Lord)  
To the monk who visited Rothschilds like Thelonious did Pannonica (Shoo)  
It's Jay Elec-entendre-nica comin' through your monitor  
Back from the great beyond like the Son of Man or the Son of [[Donda]]? (Jesus)  
I never rolled the GSXR or the R6 or the Honda (Lord)  
But I flew my Ducati through North America like Wakanda  
Earthquakes will strike this nation for what Bush did to Rwanda (Facts)  
What the Clintons did to Haiti and Downing Street did to Ghana (Jesus)  
In Tenochtitlan, they call me Terremoto, El Negro Loco (Lord)  
I shake the tectonic plates of the game if I lay one vocal  
The God is interstellar while you fellas remain local  
My bars is like the pyramid temples of Pacal Votan (Jesus)  
As sure as the DOJ confirmed Ezekiel's Wheel (Lord)  
I could change the world like Yacub with two pieces of steel  
My sword and my microphone, I swore to the Christ's throne  
But when you great, they wanna say you took a L, José Castille (Jesus)  
I'm in the fight here, fight here for what seemed like lightyears (Lord)  
My rugged cross and thorny crowns squeeze out Christ tears  
Thirty pieces of silver clout, my Pierre price tier  
It's a war outside, it's a war outside (Jesus)  
It's like the last days of Sodom and Gomorrah outside (Lord)  

_[Kanye West:]_  
Tell me if you know someone that needs (Jesus, Lord)  
Now we've been through a lot of things  
Tell me if you know someone that needs (Jesus, Lord)  
He lives in a lot of things  
Tell me if you know someone that needs (Jesus, Lord)  
Been through a lot of things  
Tell me if you know someone that needs (Jesus, Lord)  

_[Larry Hoover Jr. (Kanye West):]_  
What up, Ye? This Larry Hoover Jr  
First and foremost, I wanna thank you for taking the fight for my father to the Oval Office  
You might not have been the only one that could've did that  
But you were the one that did do that  
And with your assistance, we can continue to let the world take part in this fight  
You know, to me, it kinda feels like  
Me, my mother, my brothers, and my kids  
Have all been incarcerated through this journey  
And we haven't even been to jail  
We have been looked at and treated as criminals  
For being a part of this family  
My father's truth and the reality that he raised me in  
Is that he wanted to make a change in this community (Tell me if you know someone that needs)  
'Cause the conditions in this capitalist society is what made him  
And it is what made the children of today  
After twenty-five years of bein' locked down, twenty-three and one  
My father has not called any shots from one of the most secure and segregated prisons in the world  
And will not, once released, call any shots for the Gangster Disciples  
If my father's intentions were to lead us to death, destruction  
Into the Hell that he has had to live in for the past twenty-six years  
Man, he would be dead to me  
I didn't sign up for that  
I didn't stay on this journey this long for that  
All my life, man  
I've been waitin' for my father to come home  
They told me when I graduate eighth grade, he would be home  
Then they told me when I graduate from high school, he would be home  
I went away to Morris Brown, I graduated and he still ain't home  
Now I'm a adult, and my daughter went away to college and graduated  
He still not home  
Now even more than that, my son, he graduated eighth grade and we still waitin'  
Matter of fact, he hasn't hugged, kissed, or touched any of his grandchildren  
And they haven't been able to touch they grandfather  
Even though it is not seen that way for some of us  
But for many of us, Larry Hoover is a beacon of hope for his community  
Who deserves to breathe free air  
Free my father (Jesus), Mr. Larry Hoover Sr. (Lord)

Commit message:

[add] aliases to the name of the music.

Lyrics/Albums/10. Donda/17. Jesus Lord.md, after:

---
aliases: Jesus Lord, jesus lord
---

# Jesus Lord (feat. Jay Electronica)

_[Kanye West:]_  
Tell me if you know someone that needs (Jesus, Lord)  
Now we've been through a lot of things  
Tell me if you know someone that needs (Jesus, Lord)  
He lives in a lot of things  
Tell me if you know someone that needs (Jesus, Lord)  
Been through a lot of things  
Tell me if you know someone that needs (Jesus, Lord)  

Sittin' by myself, I'm just thinkin'  
About all I've been through, I wish I was dreamin'  
Man, [[it's hard to be an angel when you surrounded by demons]] (Jesus)  
I watched so many people leave (Lord)  
I see 'em change by the season, that's mama's seasonin'  
God got you, the devil's watchin', he just peekin' in  
I know I made a promise that I'd never let the reaper in (Jesus)  
But lately, I've been losin' all my deepest friends (Lord)  
And lately, I've been swimmin' on the deepest end  
It's just drugs, it ain't no hugs, it ain't no love there  
You been down so much you don't even know what's upstairs (Jesus)  
Suicidal thoughts got you wonderin' what's up there (Lord)  
And while I introduce the party, you say it's up there  
Too many pills, so much potions, so much pain, too many emotions  
And everything that you do good, it just go unnoticed (Jesus)  
Did He tell you that you good and just stay focused? (Lord)  
Mama, you was the [[28. Life of the Party|life of the party]]  
I swear you brought life to the party  
When you lost your life, it took the life out the party (Jesus)  
That woman rode with me like a Harley (Lord)  
[[She saw the vision|Visions]] of my cousins in a cell really scarred me  
Movin' to the hood was like signin' up for the army  
'Cause they been killin' … since … was watchin' Barney (Jesus)  
You want dreams to come true? But I have [[10.  See You In My Nightmares|nightmares]] (Lord)  
'Cause if that [[22. Come to Life|come to life]], then I might not be right here  
Been in the dark so long, don't know if the light here  
But I'm just reaching for the stars like Buzz Lightyear (Jesus)  
And now I'm lightyears ahead of those nightmares (Lord)  
I deaded those night terrors when the night clears  
[[And if I talk to Christ, can I bring my mother back to life?]]  
And if I die tonight, will I see her in the afterlife? (Jesus)  
But back to reality, where everything's a tragedy (Lord)  
You better have a strategy or you could be a statistic  
Little boy dies, he's just one of the mystic  
And mama steady crying 'cause she really the victim (Jesus)  
And she's getting high and she's getting addicted (Lord)  
And her older boy just stuck with the picture, painted vivid  
That's a family portrait, and her daughter just absorbed it  
Sixteen, pregnant, baby daddy say she should abort it (Jesus)  
But we can't afford it, so she decides to move forward (Lord)  
Baby shower time, father didn't show up  
Now she just feeling nauseous like she finna throw up  
The [[7. Water|water]] flows down her legs, yeah, it's finna go up (Jesus)  
A year done went by, her daughter just turned one (Lord)  
And she's still dependent on her mom  
[[13. Big Brother|Big brother]] in the streets, he went and bought him a gun  
He want revenge 'cause the pain, feelin' numb (Jesus)  
And her mom still doing drugs 'cause that's the only time she feel loved (Lord)  
Is it real love? Do the scars really heal up?  
From all the pain that done built up, but they don't feel us (Jesus)  
A week done flew by, big bro ridin' then he see the guys (Lord)  
Left his little brother on the side, bleeding from the side  
He seein' red, it's like he's bleeding through his eyes  
To see him dead, the only thing that'll help the grieving up inside (Jesus)  
Even let him get the last meal  
He done with the streets after this, this his last kill (Lord)  
He gotta show him that it's that real  
He ran up on him with the pipe like, "… stand still" (Jesus)  
"You took my brother life, you made my mother cry" (Lord)  
"Tell me one reason I shouldn't send you up to Christ"  
He said, "Go 'head, take my life, I've seen everything but Christ"  
Then big bro just blacked out and all you seen was the light (Jesus, Lord) ^271479

Tell me if you know someone that needs (Jesus, Lord)  

_[Jay Electronica:]_  
Uh-huh, in the name of the true and living God, the beneficent, the merciful (Hallelujah)  
Thank you for bringing me up the rough side of the mountain like Ertuğrul (Jesus)  
Every knee bowed and every tongue confessed and paid homage (Lord)  
To the monk who visited Rothschilds like Thelonious did Pannonica (Shoo)  
It's Jay Elec-entendre-nica comin' through your monitor  
Back from the great beyond like the Son of Man or the Son of [[Donda]]? (Jesus)  
I never rolled the GSXR or the R6 or the Honda (Lord)  
But I flew my Ducati through North America like Wakanda  
Earthquakes will strike this nation for what Bush did to Rwanda ([[18. Facts (Charlie Heat Version)|Facts]])  
What the Clintons did to Haiti and Downing Street did to Ghana (Jesus)  
In Tenochtitlan, they call me Terremoto, El Negro Loco (Lord)  
I shake the tectonic plates of the game if I lay one vocal  
The [[8. God Is|God is]] interstellar while you fellas remain local  
My bars is like the pyramid temples of Pacal Votan (Jesus)  
As sure as the DOJ confirmed Ezekiel's Wheel (Lord)  
I could change the world like Yacub with two pieces of steel  
My sword and my microphone, I swore to the Christ's throne  
But when you great, they wanna say you took a L, José Castille (Jesus)  
I'm in the fight here, fight here for what seemed like lightyears (Lord)  
My rugged cross and thorny crowns squeeze out Christ tears  
Thirty pieces of silver clout, my Pierre price tier  
It's a war outside, it's a war outside (Jesus)  
It's like the last days of Sodom and Gomorrah outside (Lord)  

_[Kanye West:]_  
Tell me if you know someone that needs (Jesus, Lord)  
Now we've been through a lot of things  
Tell me if you know someone that needs (Jesus, Lord)  
He lives in a lot of things  
Tell me if you know someone that needs (Jesus, Lord)  
Been through a lot of things  
Tell me if you know someone that needs (Jesus, Lord)  

_[Larry Hoover Jr. (Kanye West):]_  
What up, Ye? This Larry Hoover Jr  
First and foremost, I wanna thank you for taking the fight for my father to the Oval Office  
You might not have been the only one that could've did that  
But you were the one that did do that  
And with your assistance, we can continue to let the world take part in this fight  
You know, to me, it kinda feels like  
Me, my mother, my brothers, and my kids  
Have all been incarcerated through this journey  
And we haven't even been to [[2. Jail|jail]]  
We have been looked at and treated as criminals  
For being a part of this family  
My father's truth and the reality that he raised me in  
Is that he wanted to make a change in this community (Tell me if you know someone that needs)  
'Cause the conditions in this capitalist society is what made him  
And it is what made the children of today  
After twenty-five years of bein' locked down, twenty-three and one  
My father has not called any shots from one of the most secure and segregated prisons in the world  
And will not, once released, call any shots for the Gangster Disciples  
If my father's intentions were to lead us to death, destruction  
Into the Hell that he has had to live in for the past twenty-six years  
Man, he would be dead to me  
I didn't sign up for that  
I didn't stay on this journey this long for that  
All my life, man  
I've been waitin' for my father to come home  
They told me when I graduate eighth grade, he would be home  
Then they told me when I graduate from high school, he would be home  
I went away to Morris Brown, I graduated and he still ain't home  
Now I'm a adult, and my daughter went away to college and graduated  
He still not home  
Now even more than that, my son, he graduated eighth grade and we still waitin'  
Matter of fact, he hasn't hugged, kissed, or touched any of his grandchildren  
And they haven't been able to touch they grandfather  
Even though it is not seen that way for some of us  
But for many of us, Larry Hoover is a beacon of hope for his community  
Who deserves to breathe free air  
Free my father (Jesus), Mr. Larry Hoover Sr. (Lord)
