Lyrics/Albums/10. Donda/21. Pure Souls.md, before:

# Pure Souls (feat. Shenseea & Roddy Ricch)

Life change when you famous  
I remember, back before the chains, we was nameless  
Went through stages just to hop on new stages  
Open up your eyes, man, they only entertainers  
And I cannot sell my soul (Soul)  
And I cannot sell my soul (Soul)  
And I cannot sell my soul (Yeah, soul)  
And I cannot sell my soul (Jesus saved my soul)  
And I cannot sell my soul  

I've been at the top shinin' like a light pole  
And I'm just a product of whatever I was raised in  
This money sanctified, so I gotta say it again  
They said I was mad at the Grammys  
But I'm lookin' at my Grammy right now  
Pulled up on Ye, and I said, "They don't understand me"  
I just want my dawg to pipe down  
'Cause when you really came from the trenches  
You was raised in the trenches (Mm)  
You feel like you trailblazed for the trenches (Mm)  
I hope God can forgive me for the days that I was sinnin' (Mhm)  

The truth is only what you get away with, huh?  
(Man, all these lyin' …)  
I said the truth is only what you get away with, huh?  
Ayy, that's why a lot of these … be fakin', huh  
Made it through the trials and tribulations, huh  
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah  

Uh, uh, well, well, here goes  
Well, here goes, but here goes  
I was one of them weirdos of the pure soul  
That would go to the flea market to buy fake clothes  
Every color Girbauds, every Cutlass is cold  
[[I had a cousin that stole my laptop|Every cousin that stole]], every summer was cold  
Out of all of the Moes, out of all of the Folks  
After all of the jokes, I'm the one that was chose  
All of my friends love to [[Threesome|gangbang]]  
How we in my car and you say we ain't in the same lane?  
When we both had Pelles on  
And we was scammin' for the prom before Chief Keef was "Bang, Bang"  
Always had mob ties  
Stood on my six points, how could I not rise?  
Love, truth, peace, freedom, justice, but I'm not five  
This Southside, and we outside  
This Southside, and we outside  
This Southside, and we outside  
This Southside, and we outside  
This Southside, and we outside  
And for all the guys that went to the White House and said, "Free the old man"  
Every day I put my life on the line to feed the whole clan  
Personal worth is not what a person is worth  
[[I can give a dollar to every person on Earth]]  
Man, it's gotta be God's plan  
Man, I swear these boys keep playin'  
We gon' have to square up then  
We gon' have to send it up then  
We gon' have to send it up then  
We gon' have to send it up then, uh  
We gon' have to send it up then  
We gon' have to send it up then  
My favorite place to send it   ^c817f8

It ain't how it used to be  
This the new me, so get used to me  
It ain't how it used to be  
This the new me, so get used to me  
Lookin' in the mirror, it's the truth of me  
Lookin' at my kids, it's the proof of me  
Devil get behind me, I'm loose, I'm free  
Father, Holy Spirit, let loose on me  
Father, I'm Yours exclusively  
Devil get behind me, I'm loose, I'm free  
Father, Holy Spirit, let loose on me  
Father, I'm Yours exclusively  
Devil get behind me, I'm loose, I'm free  
Devil get behind me, I'm loose, I'm free  

The truth is only what you get away with, huh  
I said the truth is only what you get away with, huh?  
Ayy, that's why a lot of these … be fakin', huh  
Made it through the trials and tribulations, huh  

Woah, oh, yeah-yeah  
The truth the only thing you get away with (Can't get away)  
Oh, no (No)  
The truth the only thing you get away with (Woah-woah, oh)  
The truth (I did it), the truth  
The truth the only thing you get away with  
Oh-oh (Altogether, trust again)  
The truth the only thing you get away with  
(I can trust again, I can only trust in Him, woah)  
The truth (Oh, yeah)  
The truth the only thing you get away with (Can't get away)  
Oh, oh  
The truth the only thing you get away with  
The truth (The truth), the truth (Woah)  
He know every side of, every side of you (Oh)  
Don't shine through  
They could never hide from you (The truth)  
He can see it, birdseye view  
The truth the only thing you get away with  
Won't get away  
Oh, oh  
They can never hide from you  
They can never hide, hide from you (No, no)  
The truth  
The truth the only thing you get away with  
Get away, get away, oh-woah  
The truth the only thing you get away with  
The truth, the truth  
The truth the only thing you get away with

Commit message:

[add] aliases to the name of the music.

Lyrics/Albums/10. Donda/21. Pure Souls.md, after:

---
aliases: Pure Souls, pure souls
---

# Pure Souls (feat. Shenseea & Roddy Ricch)

Life change when you [[4. Famous|famous]]  
I remember, back before the chains, we was nameless  
Went through stages just to hop on new stages  
Open up your eyes, man, they only entertainers  
And I cannot sell my soul (Soul)  
And I cannot sell my soul (Soul)  
And I cannot sell my soul (Yeah, soul)  
And I cannot sell my soul (Jesus saved my soul)  
And I cannot sell my soul  

I've been at the top shinin' like a light pole  
And I'm just a product of whatever I was raised in  
This money sanctified, so I gotta say it again  
They said I was mad at the Grammys  
But I'm lookin' at my Grammy right now  
Pulled up on Ye, and I said, "They don't understand me"  
I just want my dawg to pipe down  
'Cause when you really came from the trenches  
You was raised in the trenches (Mm)  
You feel like you trailblazed for the trenches (Mm)  
I hope God can forgive me for the days that I was sinnin' (Mhm)  

The truth is only what you get away with, huh?  
(Man, all these lyin' …)  
I said the truth is only what you get away with, huh?  
Ayy, that's why a lot of these … be fakin', huh  
Made it through the trials and tribulations, huh  
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah  

Uh, uh, well, well, here goes  
Well, here goes, but here goes  
I was one of them weirdos of the pure soul  
That would go to the flea market to buy fake clothes  
Every color Girbauds, every Cutlass is cold  
[[I had a cousin that stole my laptop|Every cousin that stole]], every summer was cold  
Out of all of the Moes, out of all of the Folks  
After all of the jokes, I'm the one that was chose  
All of my friends love to [[Threesome|gangbang]]  
How we in my car and you say we ain't in the same lane?  
When we both had Pelles on  
And we was scammin' for the prom before Chief Keef was "Bang, Bang"  
Always had mob ties  
Stood on my six points, how could I not rise?  
Love, truth, peace, freedom, justice, but I'm not five  
This Southside, and we outside  
This Southside, and we outside  
This Southside, and we outside  
This Southside, and we outside  
This Southside, and we outside  
And for all the guys that went to the White House and said, "Free the old man"  
Every day I put my life on the line to feed the whole clan  
Personal worth is not what a person is worth  
[[I can give a dollar to every person on Earth]]  
Man, it's gotta be God's plan  
Man, I swear these boys keep playin'  
We gon' have to square up then  
We gon' have to [[9. Send It Up|send it up]] then  
We gon' have to [[9. Send It Up|send it up]] then  
We gon' have to [[9. Send It Up|send it up]] then, uh  
We gon' have to [[9. Send It Up|send it up]] then  
We gon' have to [[9. Send It Up|send it up]] then  
My favorite place to send it   ^c817f8

It ain't how it used to be  
This the new me, so get used to me  
It ain't how it used to be  
This the new me, so get used to me  
Lookin' in the mirror, it's the truth of me  
Lookin' at my kids, it's the proof of me  
Devil get behind me, I'm loose, I'm free  
Father, Holy Spirit, let loose on me  
Father, I'm Yours exclusively  
Devil get behind me, I'm loose, I'm free  
Father, Holy Spirit, let loose on me  
Father, I'm Yours exclusively  
Devil get behind me, I'm loose, I'm free  
Devil get behind me, I'm loose, I'm free  

The truth is only what you get away with, huh  
I said the truth is only what you get away with, huh?  
Ayy, that's why a lot of these … be fakin', huh  
Made it through the trials and tribulations, huh  

Woah, oh, yeah-yeah  
The truth the only thing you get away with (Can't get away)  
Oh, no (No)  
The truth the only thing you get away with (Woah-woah, oh)  
The truth (I did it), the truth  
The truth the only thing you get away with  
Oh-oh (Altogether, trust again)  
The truth the only thing you get away with  
(I can trust again, I can only trust in Him, woah)  
The truth (Oh, yeah)  
The truth the only thing you get away with (Can't get away)  
Oh, oh  
The truth the only thing you get away with  
The truth (The truth), the truth (Woah)  
He know every side of, every side of you (Oh)  
Don't shine through  
They could never hide from you (The truth)  
He can see it, birdseye view  
The truth the only thing you get away with  
Won't get away  
Oh, oh  
They can never hide from you  
They can never hide, hide from you (No, no)  
The truth  
The truth the only thing you get away with  
Get away, get away, oh-woah  
The truth the only thing you get away with  
The truth, the truth  
The truth the only thing you get away with
