Lyrics/Albums/10. Donda/22. Come to Life.md, before:

# Come to Life

My soul cries out Hallelujah and I thank God for saving me  
I thank God for…  

Here go all your problems again (I thank God)  
Three, two, one, you're pinned (I thank God)  
Uncle now he back in the pen' (Hallelujah)  
Auntie shut down again  
Did she finally come to life? (Thank you, Jesus)  
Ever wish you had another life?  
Ever wish you had another life?  
Ever wish you had another life?  

Don't you wish the night would go numb?  
I've been feelin' low for so long  
I ain't had a high in so long  
I been in the dark for so long  
Night is always darkest 'fore the dawn  
Gotta make my mark 'fore I'm gone  
I don't wanna die alone  
I don't wanna die alone  
I get mad when she gone  
Mad when she home  
Sad when she gone  
Mad when she home  
Sad when she gone (Loosen right now, the spirit that wants to run)  
Floatin' on a silver lining (In the name of Jesus)  
Yeah, you know where to find me, ridin' on a silver lining  
And my God won't deny me, tell the Devil, "Get behind me"  
All the stars are aligned, lift me up every time  
You know exactly where to find me  

Hallelujah (Thank you, Jesus)  
Hallelujah (Yes)  
Hallelujah…  

Did those ideas ever really come to life?  
Make it all come to life  
Make it all come to life  
Prayin' for a change in your life  
Well, maybe it's gon' come tonight  

Sadness settin' in again  
Three, two, one, you're pinned  
Uncle right back in the pen'  
Tell me how auntie been  
Took your thoughts and penciled 'em in  
Should've wrote 'em down in pen  
And maybe they'll come to life  
And maybe they'll come to life  
Sadness settin' in again  
Three, two, one, you're pinned  
Uncle right back to the pen'  
Tell me how auntie been  
Thoughts, you had penciled 'em in  
Probably should've wrote 'em in pen  
And maybe they'll come to life  
They could finally come to life  
They could finally come to life  

You know where to find me, they cannot define me  
So they crucify me, how so fazed when I leave?  
Come and purify me, come and sanctify me  
You the air that I breathe, the ultra-ultralight beam  
Brought a gift to Northie, all she want was Nikes  
This is not about me, God is still alive, so I'm free  
Floatin' on a silver lining, floatin' on a silver lining  
So when I'm free, I'm free

Commit message:

[add] aliases to the name of the music.

Lyrics/Albums/10. Donda/22. Come to Life.md, after:

---
aliases: Come to Life, come to life
---

# Come to Life

My soul cries out Hallelujah and I thank God for saving me  
I thank God for…  

Here go all your problems again (I thank God)  
Three, two, one, you're pinned (I thank God)  
Uncle now he back in the pen' (Hallelujah)  
Auntie shut down again  
Did she finally come to life? (Thank you, Jesus)  
Ever wish you had another life?  
Ever wish you had another life?  
Ever wish you had another life?  

Don't you wish the night would go numb?  
I've been feelin' low for so long  
I ain't had a high in so long  
I been in the dark for so long  
Night is always darkest 'fore the dawn  
Gotta make my mark 'fore I'm gone  
I don't wanna die alone  
I don't wanna die alone  
I get mad when she gone  
Mad when she home  
Sad when she gone  
Mad when she home  
Sad when she gone (Loosen right now, the spirit that wants to run)  
Floatin' on a silver lining (In the name of Jesus)  
Yeah, you know where to find me, ridin' on a silver lining  
And my God won't deny me, tell the Devil, "Get behind me"  
All the stars are aligned, lift me up every time  
You know exactly where to find me  

Hallelujah (Thank you, Jesus)  
Hallelujah (Yes)  
Hallelujah…  

Did those ideas ever really come to life?  
Make it all come to life  
Make it all come to life  
Prayin' for a change in your life  
Well, maybe it's gon' come tonight  

Sadness settin' in again  
Three, two, one, you're pinned  
Uncle right back in the pen'  
Tell me how auntie been  
Took your thoughts and penciled 'em in  
Should've wrote 'em down in pen  
And maybe they'll come to life  
And maybe they'll come to life  
Sadness settin' in again  
Three, two, one, you're pinned  
Uncle right back to the pen'  
Tell me how auntie been  
Thoughts, you had penciled 'em in  
Probably should've wrote 'em in pen  
And maybe they'll come to life  
They could finally come to life  
They could finally come to life  

You know where to find me, they cannot define me  
So they crucify me, how so fazed when I leave?  
Come and purify me, come and sanctify me  
You the air that I breathe, the ultra-[[1. Ultralight Beam|ultralight beam]]  
Brought a gift to Northie, all she want was Nikes  
This is not about me, [[8. God Is|God is]] still alive, so I'm free  
Floatin' on a silver lining, floatin' on a silver lining  
So when I'm free, I'm free
