# Life of the Party (feat. IRKO)

It's after hours at that glamorous blind spot  
Where they're taking it easy, swapping personal experiences  
Let's listen in America Today  
Life of the party, mhm, 'til I almost cry, mhm  
It's the life of the party, to think I could've almost died  
Lord, help us  

Hey, Miss [[Donda]]  
You run into my mama, please tell her I said, "Say something"  
I'm startin' to believe ain't no such thing as Heaven's trumpets  
No after-over, this is it, done  
If there's a Heaven, you would think they'd let ya speak to your son  
Maybe she has in the form of a baby's laugh  
I heard passing by in a stroller remindin' me, "Hey, keep rolling"  
I don't know, maybe she has with a prick of a blade of grass  
I've been layin' on way too long, got me itchy  
Got up and roamed a lil' more  
Miss [[Donda]], you see my mama, tell her I'm lost  
You see, she'd always light a cigarette, we talk, I would cough  
Exaggeratin' a lil' bit so she get the point  
Tryna get her to stop smokin', I would leave and fire up a joint  
'Til I quit, started back up again, twenty years later  
All that time, y'all thought a nigga was high, thought I was crazy  
My mom, she ain't cut no corners  
Got me back on track, I don't miss her overstepping  
But do miss her showin' Seven civilian life shit  
Ah, Miss [[Donda]], you see my mama, whisper her this:  
The real reason I was geeked to go to church  
Must confess, when y'all grown-ups would be in Bible study  
That girl helping me with my homework? Her and I were fuckin'  
So pure and perverted, so spirit spinning and dirty  
So on, so on, and so on, we hoped that no one heard us  
Shitsh, ah, ah  
And to this day, I think her mama knew but let us explore  
Miss [[Donda]], you see my father, please, ask him why he never married  
Always smiled, but was he happy inside?  
Because I carried my mother's name, did he carry shame with him?  
I'm sure she did it out of spite, it was her decision at birth  
Shit, she probably was hurt, ah, poor baby  
Two young people with different views, a lot for a young lady  
No coincidence, they both passed away from heart conditions  
There's a dissidence at play, dad and mom do hard division  
Three Thou', poster child for big dick niggas raised by their mothers  
I'm supposed to smile as if God knew that I would be troubled  
Keeps me around, for what? I don't know  
But I do know that it's crucial, that we do so, pronto  
I don't know how much long though  

Straight from Shibuya, on some zen  
We back, ramped up, we on ten  
It's a marathon and look, we comin' for the win  
Just like Puff told Christopher, we gon' win big (C'mon)  
Put the whole family on, look at what my Kim did  
Just like Puff told Christopher, we gon' win big (Uh)  
We gon' win big (What?)  

Southside gang mentality way heavy  
[[I was thinkin' out the box even in a Box Chevy]]  
And my favorite art teacher name was Mrs. Levy  
'Round the time, I learned to put my feelings to a medley (The life of the party)  
I ain't turn in homework for like four months and I bet she let me  
[[She saw the vision]]  
"Yeezy you special, go make your own decisions then"  
Man, that was a good choice, faith driving us like a Rolls Royce  
They tried to take my voice away, I ain't try to take ya choice away  
I just prayed the water break, just for my daughter sake, from a slip-up  
Fake signatures from fake managers, it all damage her, good Lord  
Give 'em enough of they own rope to hang 'em with  
[[The paparazzi never really got what my angle is]]  
They treat my married life like some type of entanglement  
My neighbor still dissin', wonderin' why I ain't sayin' it  
I can smell the setup, that's that 2Pac in Vegas hit  
I revealed myself and some don't know what to make of it  
God has said himself to make sure that the baby live  
And if Ye ain't here, then tell me who gonna say this here?  
Wait a minute, wait a minute, wait a goddamn minute  
Let me stop playing with it, hopped in a Lamb' with it  
Hopped in a Lamb' with it, in a damn pandemic  
Know that Uncle Sam gotta have his damn hand in it  

Listen, straight from Shibuya, on some zen  
I'm on ten, it's a marathon and look, we comin' for the win  
Just like Puff told Christopher, we gon' win big (C'mon)  
Put the whole family on, look at what my Kim did  
Just like Puff told Christopher, we gon' win big (Uh)  
We gon' win big (What?)  

Do y'all feel me? Really?  
Get off Scott Free, I'm talking Ridley  
Get off our knees, that's if you're with me  
Get off your knees, that's if you're with me  
Get off your knees and let's get free  
Get off your knees and let's get free  
Really, I mean really  
Really, I mean really  
I need release, I don't need police  
I'm like, "Nigga, puh-lease"  
Y'all can't hear me, (Harmonizing), for the real me  
For the real me, I mean, mhmm-mm  

Alright, it's gonna shoot us in thewoah, uh-oh, uh-oh  
Ready mama? (Yup)  
I'm so proud of you, yup, you're gonna have so much fun  
They gonna shoot us in the air, mama, okay?  
C'mon, P, I got you, it's okay, mama  
Hold your head back, hold your head back (Three, two, one)  
Daddy's here, daddy's here, daddy's right here  
It's okay, mama, daddy's here, daddy here  
Help, help, daddy's right here, I'm scared  
Okay, okay, I got you, it's okay  
Okay, we goin' slow, we goin' slow down  
It's okay, stop cryin', daddy got you, see, it's over, you did it, P!  
You already did it! See? It's already over! Yay! You did it!  
Big Girl! It's already over! It's already over, it's already over  
Daddy right here, daddy right here  
I told you I'm not gon' let you go  
I'm not gon' let you go, mama, okay?  
Daddy got you, daddy gon' bring us all the way down, okay?  
How was it? (We good)  
You did a good job (It was scary)  
Good job! (Our daughter got more heart than you)
