---
aliases: Remote Control Pt. 2, remote control pt. 2
---

# [[12. Remote Control|Remote Control]] Pt. 2 (feat. Young Thug, Kid Cudi)

Please don't ask again, who's up in the van?  
They my only fans  
I was in my hovercraft, had another laugh  
How you roll with them? When you know I'm him  

Got it on [[12. Remote Control|remote control]]  
Got it on [[12. Remote Control|remote control]]  
Got it on [[12. Remote Control|remote control]], like a CEO  
I thought you should know  

On my Instagram, it get outta hand  
Why you so mad?  

He got it on [[12. Remote Control|remote control]], like a CEO  
Feelin' like the man, feelin' like the man  
I was in my hovercraft, floatin' down the path  
God just grabbed my hand, had a bigger plan  

He got this on [[12. Remote Control|remote control]]  
He got it on [[12. Remote Control|remote control]]  
'Trol  
Woah-woah, woah-woah  

I just, oh, I owe you a load  
Aaliyah on the Titanic (Oh), I can rock your boat (Spider)  
Hoppin' out the brand new Rolls (Skrrt, skrrt)  
Hoppin' out the brand new Rolls (Skrrt, skrrt)  
Jesus sent me brand new clothes (Skrrt, skrrt)  
Wrist still thirty-two below (Yeah)  
I want my mob ties to shine (Hah)  
I could caress your mind with the right time (Time)  
Don't you give your love up, this is the right sign (Sign), sign (Yeah)  
I treat you lovely and righteous and kind (Hah)  
And we'll be lastin' with another 'til we die (Yeah)  
I'd give you kids at the drop of a dime (Dime)  
Oh-woah, told the [CENSORED] fold my clothes (Fold my clothes)  
Take it to the light like a strobe (Yeah)  
Taking me to court like O (Taking me to court like OJ)  
Paparazzi sleep at my door, I just thought that you should know (Sleep at my door)  
I get frozen like the North Pole, don't you freeze up on a pole  

He got this on [[12. Remote Control|remote control]] like a sink in gold  
He got it, no fight, no more meds, twilight in the game  
He got it on my hover craft, have another laugh  
Pop on a handstand, twilight in the man  

He got it on [[12. Remote Control|remote control]]  
He got it on [[12. Remote Control|remote control]]  
He got it on [[12. Remote Control|remote control]], like that's to know  
Should know  

You not understand, I am not your mans  
See, I'm super, I got plans, trips across the land  
Diamonds dancin' on my hands, Cudder in demand  
All in pink like Killa' Cam, holy [CENSORED]  
Watch 'em go, baby like what she see, hey  
In the evening, it's the time, and it's right, hey  
Takin' it solo, lose the bag, it's disco, hey  
Just a [CENSORED] doin' damage plus some damage, you know, it's a thing  
And we ridin', it's a little bit of liquor and we slidin', it's on  
And we 'bout it, say goodbye to the worries, baby, so long  
Feelin' she love my shine, oh  
[CENSORED] color outside the lines, I am so out of [CENSORED] control  
And I'm fallin', glowin' in the mold  
And she said she understands the code, see, we play our roles  
This is how it goes, innocent, ooh  
And I'm tryna find you in my dreams, ooh  
See, I'm just a creature in the night, she gives me what I like  
Electric through my bones, feels so right  

Ooh, ha-ha-ha, mmh, splendid  
Simply delicious, oh, ha-ha-ha  
I am the Glob-glo-gab-galab  
The shwabble-dabble-wabble-gabble flibba blabba blab  
I'm full of shwibbly liber-kind  
I am the yeast of thoughts and minds  
Shwabble dabble glibble glabble schribble shwap glab  
Dibble dabble shribble shrabble glibbi-glap shwap  
Shwabble dabble glibble glabble shwibble shwap-dap  
Dibble dabble shribble shrabble glibbi-shwap glab  
Shwabble dabble glibble glabble schribble shwap glab  
Dibble dabble shribble shrabble glibbi-glap shwap  
Shwabble dabble glibble glabble shwibble shwap-dap  
Dibble dabble shribble shrabble glibbi-shwap glab  
Ooh, ha ha ha, mmm, splendid  
Simply delicious  
Ohm, ha ha ha ha
