Lyrics/Albums/10. Donda/6. Praise God.md, before:

# Praise God (feat. Baby Keem & Travis Scott)

That she wrote, "Speech to the Young: Speech to the Progress-Toward"  
Say to them, say to the down-keepers, the sun-slappers  
The self-soilers, the harmony-hushers  
Even if you are not ready for the day, it cannot always be night  
Serve, flex, I do work (Work)  
Six, I'm like Mike  
He's out of sight, woo  
You done got me piped  
Two-man like Ike  
Six out the spot (Uh, uh)  
Into the night  

Yeah, I'm shakin' the drop (Drop)  
I'm still up on top (Aight)  
I been had the bop  
[[The devil my opp]], can't pay me to stop (It's lit)  
My God at the top (La Flame)   ^f7dca7

We gon' praise our way out the grave, dawg  
Livin', speakin', praise God  
Walkin' out the graveyard back to life  
I serve, follow your word, see with new sight, into the night (Hey)  

Yeah, this life I'm livin' (I'm livin')  
All the advice been tipped in (That thang)  
Gave me that grip, no slippin' (That grip)  
Out of my mind, went trippin' (My mind)  
Tell me take two when I'm on one (I'm on)  
That lookout like no one  
Kept it real tight like your son (Your son)  
Yeah (La Flame)  

We gon' praise our way out the grave, dawg  
Livin', speakin', praise God  
Walkin' out the graveyard back to life  
I serve, follow your word, see with new sight, into the night  

Still on side, huh, still outside  
[CENSORED], attention, still outside, huh, still outside  
Tame Imp—, Tame Impala, [CENSORED]  
Tame Impala, stay outside, huh  
And I'm still outside, I'm still outside, still outside, huh  
Let's get right, huh, let's get right, uh, let's get right, uh, huh  
Let's get right, let's get (Ayy, ayy, ayy), let's get right  
Let's get (Ayy, ayy, ayy), let's get—  
Look at new scenes, I opened my life, I'm subject to memes  
I signed a few [CENSORED], I polished their dreams  
An angel on earth, come under my wing  
Stop runnin' your publishers, [CENSORED]  
They publish the headlines and say the wrong things  
Y'all treat your Lord and Savior like renters' insurance, you know what I mean?  
Bada the bada the boom, I bada the boom, I bada the bing  
I need a new girl, my old one was mean  
I had to let go, forgave all them evils that came to my shows  
I channeled them bad [CENSORED] all in abode  
I channeled your trust, I channeled the turbulence, came with the life  
I gathered my sinners and asked if I'm right, let's get  
I just get right, [CENSORED], huh  
Let's get right, let's get right, let's get right, shh, shh  
Ain't on sight, it's on sight  
I don't know you, you, you, you, it's on sight  
I don't know you, you, you, you (Ayy, ayy), let's get right  
Ayy, all of my [CENSORED] on Channel 5  
I don't channel ten 'til it go time  
Used to throw up my uncle's spaghetti  
Been told to tote since before I was ready  
Back when my mama told me that I was challenged  
A single Black woman, you know that she petty  
I turned a heavy heart to two million dollars  
I put that in totals, reverse outta debty  
I gotta, I gotta put on a rager one time  
I swung the powder, went major one time  
I know some white people servin' no time  
I gotta do it for me, do it for, pray for me  
Do it for all the ones dyin'  
I wanna do it for all the ones cryin'  
I wanna, uh, uh, uh, let's get right, huh

Commit message:

[add] aliases to the name of the music.

Lyrics/Albums/10. Donda/6. Praise God.md, after:

---
aliases: Praise God, praise god
---

# Praise God (feat. Baby Keem & Travis Scott)

That she wrote, "Speech to the Young: Speech to the Progress-Toward"  
Say to them, say to the down-keepers, the sun-slappers  
The self-soilers, the harmony-hushers  
Even if you are not ready for the day, it cannot always be night  
Serve, flex, I do work (Work)  
Six, I'm like Mike  
He's out of sight, woo  
You done got me piped  
Two-man like Ike  
Six out the spot (Uh, uh)  
Into the night  

Yeah, I'm shakin' the drop (Drop)  
I'm still up on top (Aight)  
I been had the bop  
[[The devil my opp]], can't pay me to stop (It's lit)  
My God at the top (La Flame)   ^f7dca7

We gon' praise our way out the grave, dawg  
Livin', speakin', praise God  
Walkin' out the graveyard back to life  
I serve, follow your word, see with new sight, into the night (Hey)  

Yeah, this life I'm livin' (I'm livin')  
All the advice been tipped in (That thang)  
Gave me that grip, no slippin' (That grip)  
Out of my mind, went trippin' (My mind)  
Tell me take two when I'm on one (I'm on)  
That lookout like no one  
Kept it real tight like your son (Your son)  
Yeah (La Flame)  

We gon' praise our way out the grave, dawg  
Livin', speakin', praise God  
Walkin' out the graveyard back to life  
I serve, follow your word, see with new sight, into the night  

Still on side, huh, still outside  
[CENSORED], attention, still outside, huh, still outside  
Tame Imp—, Tame Impala, [CENSORED]  
Tame Impala, stay outside, huh  
And I'm still outside, I'm still outside, still outside, huh  
Let's get right, huh, let's get right, uh, let's get right, uh, huh  
Let's get right, let's get (Ayy, ayy, ayy), let's get right  
Let's get (Ayy, ayy, ayy), let's get—  
Look at new scenes, I opened my life, I'm subject to memes  
I signed a few [CENSORED], I polished their dreams  
An angel on earth, come under my wing  
Stop runnin' your publishers, [CENSORED]  
They publish the headlines and say the wrong things  
Y'all treat your Lord and Savior like renters' insurance, you know what I mean?  
Bada the bada the boom, I bada the boom, I bada the bing  
I need a new girl, my old one was mean  
I had to let go, forgave all them evils that came to my shows  
I channeled them bad [CENSORED] all in abode  
I channeled your trust, I channeled the turbulence, came with the life  
I gathered my sinners and asked if I'm right, let's get  
I just get right, [CENSORED], huh  
Let's get right, let's get right, let's get right, shh, shh  
Ain't [[1. On Sight|on sight]], it's [[1. On Sight|on sight]]  
I don't know you, you, you, you, it's [[1. On Sight|on sight]]  
I don't know you, you, you, you (Ayy, ayy), let's get right  
Ayy, all of my [CENSORED] on Channel 5  
I don't channel ten 'til it go time  
Used to throw up my uncle's spaghetti  
Been told to tote since before I was ready  
Back when my mama told me that I was challenged  
A single Black woman, you know that she petty  
I turned a heavy heart to two million dollars  
I put that in totals, reverse outta debty  
I gotta, I gotta put on a rager one time  
I swung the powder, went major one time  
I know some white people servin' no time  
I gotta do it for me, do it for, pray for me  
Do it for all the ones dyin'  
I wanna do it for all the ones cryin'  
I wanna, uh, uh, uh, let's get right, huh
