Lyrics/Albums/10. Donda/8. Ok Ok.md, before:

# Ok Ok (feat. Fivio Foreign, Rooga, Lil Yachty)

_[Kanye West (Fivio Foreign):]_  
Okay, now they got me, wanna rap again  
Heal the wound and then you stab me in my back again (Uh)  
You the type to play the joke and try to hide your hand (Uh)  
Not the type to come around and try to play your friend (Bomb)  
You the type to cut the grass and snake your bestest man  
I'm the type to close the deal and cut my … in  
See me in person, I look like a ghost (Grr)  
See me in person, I look like a ghost (Bow)  
You wanna come in and play with the G.O.A.T (Bow)  
You wanna come in and play with the G.O.A.T (God body)  
All you rap … sound like me, can't tell who is who  
You got no real identity, can't tell you from you  
Price went up (Yeah), angel investor (Yeah)  
Price went up (Uh), angel investor (Yeah)  

Okay, okay, I'm not okay  
Think they're good, it's not okay  
Okay, okay, not okay (Uh)  
Think they’re good, get out the way (Uh)  

_[Lil Yachty:]_  
Who said I did what? What did they do?  
Why the hell you hatin' so damn hard? Someone must pay you  
They don't keep me 'round 'cause I'm straight truth  
My dawg locked up, had more home runs than Babe Ruth (Boom)  
Had them chickens cleanin' my house, I told them, "Be of use" (Brr)  
If I see disloyalty, then we gon' cut 'em loose (Yeah)  
Havin' my hands 'round her neck, grip tight like a noose (Hee)  
Tell you a story with a bad ending 'cause I'm not a Seuss (Yeah, bih')  
Passin' 'round … to the thugs for an immunity boost (Go)  
Double cup filled to the top with the serenity juice (Yessir)  
Moment of silence, R.I.P to Juice (Yeah, hey)  
If they say it's up, it's up, I don't need a truce (Damn)  
Everything I do is solely for the broken youth (Sheesh, yes)  
I just took her over the mountain with my index (Wow)  
She told me to go to Hell like I ain't been yet (Yuh)  
And I still put in overtime like I ain't win yet  

_[Kanye West (Lil Yachty):]_  
Okay, okay, I'm not okay (Yuh)  
Think they're good, it's not okay  
Okay, okay, not okay  
Think they're good, get out the way  

_[Rooga:]_  
Yeah, it's been plenty times you closed the door on me  
That … really show me how much you say you a bro to me  
Showed you love and you constantly cold-shouldered me  
But ain't no goin' back to fixin' up, that's the older me, yeah  
I'm done with all the fake … I had enough of that, yeah  
I done had too many … stab me in the back (Yeah, yeah, yeah)  
They say they with you, but they really puttin' on a act  
That's when … hit the fan and all of a sudden, all the facts show  
You gotta chin up and show a … tough love  
Let 'em go without you, just to show 'em what it was  
We was so close, you would've thought we was blood  
We got the same pain, we come from the mud  
I swear this … make me wanna put my all in it, yeah  
You can hear the pain 'cause I put my heart in it, yeah  
Most of these … ain't real, they don't wanna see me winnin', no  
Most of these … ain't real, they don't wanna see me winnin', no  

_[Kanye West (Rooga):]_  
But it's okay, we gon' be okay  
Only show up when we cut the cake (Oh, yeah)  
Showin' love but we okay (We okay)  
Find God 'fore it's too late

Commit message:

[add] aliases to the name of the music.

Lyrics/Albums/10. Donda/8. Ok Ok.md, after:

---
aliases: Ok Ok, ok ok
---

# Ok Ok (feat. Fivio Foreign, Rooga, Lil Yachty)

_[Kanye West (Fivio Foreign):]_  
Okay, now they got me, wanna rap again  
Heal the wound and then you stab me in my back again (Uh)  
You the type to play the joke and try to hide your hand (Uh)  
Not the type to come around and try to play your friend (Bomb)  
You the type to cut the grass and snake your bestest man  
I'm the type to close the deal and cut my … in  
See me in person, I look like a ghost (Grr)  
See me in person, I look like a ghost (Bow)  
You wanna come in and play with the G.O.A.T (Bow)  
You wanna come in and play with the G.O.A.T (God body)  
All you rap … sound like me, can't tell who is who  
You got no real identity, can't tell you from you  
Price went up (Yeah), angel investor (Yeah)  
Price went up (Uh), angel investor (Yeah)  

Okay, okay, I'm not okay  
Think they're good, it's not okay  
Okay, okay, not okay (Uh)  
Think they’re good, get out the way (Uh)  

_[Lil Yachty:]_  
Who said I did what? What did they do?  
Why the hell you hatin' so damn hard? Someone must pay you  
They don't keep me 'round 'cause I'm straight truth  
My dawg locked up, had more home runs than Babe Ruth (Boom)  
Had them chickens cleanin' my house, I told them, "Be of use" (Brr)  
If I see disloyalty, then we gon' cut 'em loose (Yeah)  
Havin' my hands 'round her neck, grip tight like a noose (Hee)  
Tell you a story with a bad ending 'cause I'm not a Seuss (Yeah, bih')  
Passin' 'round … to the thugs for an immunity boost (Go)  
Double cup filled to the top with the serenity juice (Yessir)  
Moment of silence, R.I.P to Juice (Yeah, hey)  
If they say it's up, it's up, I don't need a truce (Damn)  
Everything I do is solely for the broken youth (Sheesh, yes)  
I just took her over the mountain with my index (Wow)  
She told me to go to Hell like I ain't been yet (Yuh)  
And I still put in overtime like I ain't win yet  

_[Kanye West (Lil Yachty):]_  
Okay, okay, I'm not okay (Yuh)  
Think they're good, it's not okay  
Okay, okay, not okay  
Think they're good, get out the way  

_[Rooga:]_  
Yeah, it's been plenty times you closed the door on me  
That … really show me how much you say you a bro to me  
Showed you love and you constantly cold-shouldered me  
But ain't no goin' back to fixin' up, that's the older me, yeah  
I'm done with all the fake … I had enough of that, yeah  
I done had too many … stab me in the back (Yeah, yeah, yeah)  
They say they with you, but they really puttin' on a act  
That's when … hit the fan and all of a sudden, all the [[18. Facts (Charlie Heat Version)|facts]] show  
You gotta chin up and show a … tough love  
Let 'em go without you, just to show 'em what it was  
We was so close, you would've thought we was blood  
We got the same pain, we come from the mud  
I swear this … make me wanna put my all in it, yeah  
You can hear the pain 'cause I put my heart in it, yeah  
Most of these … ain't real, they don't wanna see me winnin', no  
Most of these … ain't real, they don't wanna see me winnin', no  

_[Kanye West (Rooga):]_  
But it's okay, we gon' be okay  
Only show up when we cut the cake (Oh, yeah)  
Showin' love but we okay (We okay)  
Find God 'fore it's too late
